-- Captioned by rc8s --
[THUMP]
What the fuck is that?
-Jimmy.
-What's up? What's up?
Did I hit something?
What the fuck is that?
-Is there a flat?
-Maybe we got a flat?
Wha--? No.
What the fuck.
You better pull over and see.
[THUMPING]
No, no. No, Tommy.
He's still alive.
You fucking piece of shit.
-Die, you motherfucker. Die.
-[GRUNTING]
Look at me!
Look at my fuckin' eyes! Die!
As far back as I can remember,
I always wanted
to be a gangster.
♪ I know I'd go
from rags to riches ♪
♪ If you would only
say you care ♪
♪ And though my pocket
may be empty ♪
♪ I'd be a millionaire ♪
♪ My clothes may still
be torn and tattered ♪
To me, being a gangster
was better than being
president of the United States.
♪ Your love is all
that ever matters ♪
Even before I first
wandered into the cab stand
for an after-school job,
I knew I wanted to be
a part of them.
It was there that I knew
that I belonged.
I mean, to me,
it meant being somebody
in a neighborhood
that was full of nobodies.
They weren't like anybody else.
I mean, they did
whatever they wanted.
They double-parked
in front of a hydrant.
Nobody ever gave them a ticket.
In the summer when
they played cards all night,
nobody ever called the cops.
♪ Must I forever
be a beggar... ♪
MAN:
Good, good, good.
Good to see you, Frankie.
Hey, Dr. Dan, how you doing?
How are ya?
-Hey, Tuddy.
-Hey.
Tony Stacks. How are ya?
♪ Or will I go
from rags to riches? ♪
Tuddy Cicero.
Could this be
the Canarsie kid?
Hello, Tuddy.
How are you?
Good, good.
Tuddy.
Minghia, Tuddy.
Tuddy ran the cab stand
and the Bella Vista Pizzeria
and a few other places
for his brother Paul
who was the boss over everybody
in the neighborhood.
-[LAUGHING]
-Come on. Come on.
Hello, Paulie.
Hey, Paulie.
Paulie might've moved slow...
but it was only because Paulie
didn't have to move for anybody.
♪ Must I forever
be a beggar... ♪
It's your fault.
-You started it.
-I started it?
-It's your fault.
-Hey, Junior, here.
At first my parents loved
that I found a job across
the street from the house.
Henry! Henry, don't
play ball in the house.
My father, who was Irish,
was sent to work
at the age of 11.
And he liked
that I got myself a job.
He always used to say that
American kids were spoiled lazy.
Bye, sis.
-Bye, Dad.
-Bye. Take your lunch.
See you, Mikey.
Bye, Henry.
Henry, watch how you cross!
And bring back milk!
And my mother was happy
after she found out
that the Ciceros
came from the same part
of Sicily as she did.
I mean, to my mother, that was
the answer to all her prayers.
♪ Whoa-o-o-oh ♪
I was the luckiest kid
in the world.
I could go anywhere.
I could do anything.
I knew everybody,
and everybody knew me.
Wiseguys would pull up,
and Tuddy would
toss me their keys
and let me park their Cadillacs.
I mean, here I am,
this little kid.
I can't even see over
the steering wheel,
and I'm parking Cadillacs.
♪ Can't we be sweethearts? ♪
♪ Why don't we fall in love? ♪
But it wasn't too long before
my parents changed their minds
about my job at the cab stand.
This is for your mother
and sister.
For them, the cab stand was
supposed to be a part-time job,
but for me,
it was definitely full-time.
That's all I wanted to do.
See, people like my father
could never understand,
but I was a part of something.
I belonged.
I was treated like a grown-up.
All right, look,
Henry, tell him 519.
Every day I was
learning to score
A dollar here, a dollar there.
I was living in a fantasy.
MAN:
Fuck his mother and his father.
So did you have a good day
at school today?
-And my father
was always pissed off.
-Learned a lot?
He was pissed that he made
such lousy money,
he was pissed that
my kid brother Michael
was in a wheelchair,
he was pissed that
there were seven of us
living in such a tiny house.
Why don't you tell
me about this.
It's a letter from school.
It says you haven't
been there in months.
In months!
You think you're so smart?
You'll grow up to be a bum!
You want to
grow up to be a bum?
[SCREAMING]
But after a while,
he was mostly pissed
because I hung around
the cab stand.
He knew what went on
at that cab stand,
and every once in a while,
I'd have to take a beating.
But by then I didn't care.
The way I saw it,
everybody takes
a beating sometime.
No, don't! No!
I can't make
any more deliveries.
What do you mean, you can't make
any more deliveries?
You're gonna fuck everything up.
My dad said he's gonna
kill me. Look.
Come on with me.
MAN:
That him there, kid?
No.
How about him?
Nope.
That's the guy.
Get him.
Excuse me.
Yeah?
Scumbag.
-Hey! Hey! Hey!
-Come here, you piece of shit.
♪ No, no, no, no, no,
your daddy knows ♪
♪ I thought you knew... ♪
-Know this kid?
-MAN: Answer.
Yeah.
You know where he lives?
-Yeah.
-Deliver mail to his house?
-Answer.
-Yeah.
Well, from now on,
any letter from that school
to that kid's house
comes directly here,
you understand?
-Yeah.
-If another letter
from that school
goes to that kid's house,
in the fuckin' oven
you're gonna go, headfirst!
That was it.
No more letters
from truant officers,
no more letters from school.
In fact, no more
letters from anyone.
Finally, after
a couple of weeks,
my mother had to go
to the post office and complain.
How could I go back
to school after that
and pledge
allegiance to the flag
and sit through
good government bullshit?
♪ Will never break ♪
Paulie hated phones.
He wouldn't have one
in his house.
Mikey called. You want me
to call him back?
All right,
make the call. Go ahead.
He used to get
all his calls secondhand.
Then you'd have to
call the people back
from an outside phone.
Did you get a nickel?
-Yeah.
-Get him on the phone for me.
There were guys,
that's all they did,
all day long, was take care
of Paulie's phone calls.
Yeah, yeah.
All right. Thanks.
Just like that.
What a dog.
Go heat you a bone.
For a guy who
moved all day long,
Paulie didn't talk
to six people.
If there was a union problem
or, say, a beef in the numbers,
then only the top guys
can meet with Paulie
to discuss the problem.
Everything was one-on-one.
Paulie hated conferences.
He didn't want anybody
hearing what he said,
and he didn't want
anybody listening
to what he was being told.
Hundreds of guys
depended on Paulie,
and he got a piece
of everything they made.
It was tribute just like
in the old country
except they were doing it
here in America.
All they got from Paulie
was protection from other guys
looking to rip them off.
And that's what it's all about.
That's what the FBI
could never understand,
that what Paulie
and the organization does
is offer protection for people
who can't go to the cops.
That's it. That's all it is.
They're like the police
department for wiseguys.
[GLASS SHATTERS]
People looked at me differently.
I mean, they knew
I was with somebody.
I didn't have to wait
in line at the bakery
on Sunday mornings anymore
for fresh bread.
The owner knew who I was with,
and he'd come from
around the counter.
No matter how many
people were waiting,
I was taken care of first.
Our neighbors didn't park
in our driveway anymore,
even though we didn't
have a car.
At 13, I was making more money
than most of the grown-ups
in the neighborhood.
I mean, I had more money
than I could spend.
I had it all.
One day...
One day, some of the kids
from the neighborhood
carried my mother's groceries
all the way home.
You know why?
It was out of respect.
Hi, Mom. What do you think?
Look at my shoes.
Aren't they great?
My God.
You look like a gangster.
They shot me! Help!
Help! They shot me!
[ITALIAN OPERA PLAYING]
TUDDY: Henry, shut the door.
Shut the door.
That was the first time
I had ever seen anyone shot.
Jesus! Can't have that in here.
Don't worry.
Jesus Christ. I can't--
I can't have that in this joint.
I remember feeling
bad about the guy,
but I also remember feeling
that maybe Tuddy was right.
I knew Paulie
didn't want anybody dying
in the building.
You're a real jerk.
You wasted eight
fuckin' aprons on this guy.
I don't know
what the hell's wrong with you.
I gotta toughen this kid up.
♪ Bom-bom-bom ♪
♪ Ba-ba-do-do-do ♪
♪ Well, now,
they often call me Speedo ♪
♪ But my real name is Mr. Earl ♪
♪ Well, now, they often... ♪
It was a glorious time,
and wiseguys were
all over the place.
It was before Apalachin
and before Crazy Joe
decided to take on a boss
and start a war.
It was when I met the world.
It was when I first
met Jimmy Conway.
He couldn't have been more than
28 or 29 at the time,
but he was already a legend.
Now, he'd walk in the door,
and everybody who worked
the room just went wild.
He'd give the doorman a hundred
just for opening the door.
He'd shove hundreds in
the pockets of the dealers
and all the guys
that ran the games.
The bartender got a hundred
just for keeping
the ice cubes cold.
The Irishman is here
to take all your guineas' money.
♪ Just remember Speedo,
he don't never take it slow ♪
PAULIE:
You want a drink?
I'll have the seven and seven.
♪ Well, now,
they often call me Speedo ♪
Jimmy, I'd like you
to meet the kid Henry.
How you doing? Pleasure.
Thank you.
All right. Keep it coming.
See, Jimmy was one of the most
feared guys in the city.
He was first locked up at 11,
and he was doing hits for
mob bosses when he was 16.
See, hits never bothered Jimmy.
It was business.
But what Jimmy
really loved to do...
What he really loved
to do was steal.
I mean, he actually enjoyed it.
Jimmy was the kind of guy
who rooted for the bad guys
in the movies.
Give me your wallet.
You might know who we are,
but we know who you are,
you understand?
He was one of the city's
biggest hijackers
of booze, cigarettes,
razor blades,
shrimp, and lobsters.
Shrimp and lobsters were best.
-They went really fast.
-Thanks.
And almost all
of them were gimmes.
I mean, they just
gave it up, no problem.
They called him Jimmy the Gent.
Tommy, help the lady.
The drivers loved him.
They used to tip him off
about their really good loads,
and of course everybody
got a piece.
Thanks, Jimmy. I'll be back
with the rest later.
Okay. See you later.
Henry, come here.
Say hello to Tommy.
How you doin', Henry?
Youse are gonna be
workin' together.
-Okay? Help him. Okay.
-All right. Sounds good.
Hey, Jimmy,
you got anything good?
And when the cops, they assigned
a whole army to stop Jimmy,
what did he do?
How youse doin'?
-He made 'em partners.
-Okay.
Jimmy, I'd complain,
but who'd listen?
-Give me one Pall Mall.
-One Pall Mall, there you go.
-What do you need?
-I'll take two Luckies.
Two Luckies.
-Here you go, Henry.
-Thanks a lot.
-Here you go.
-Thanks.
-What do you need?
-One Pall Mall.
One Pall Mall.
Here you go.
Whoa, whoa, whoa,
what do you think you're doing?
No, it's all right.
You got permission
from your mother?
-How many cartons you need?
-What?
-Where'd you get
those cigarettes?
-It's all right.
Get him outta here.
-It's okay.
-It's not okay.
No. No, you don't understand!
COP 1:
No, you don't understand.
Store's closed.
[ITALIAN OPERA PLAYING]
Henry got pinched.
Where?
By the factory
for selling cigarettes and...
JUDGE:
Henry Hill.
The people of the state
of New York versus Henry Hill.
Docket number
704162.
Uh, yes, sir.
That's me.
Come over here.
Just stand right there.
Now, stay there.
Counselor, proceed.
Hey, Jimmy.
Congratulations.
Here's your graduation preset.
What for?
I got pinched.
Everybody gets pinched,
but you did it right.
You told 'em nothin',
and they got nothin'.
I thought
you'd be mad.
Mad? I'm not mad at you.
I'm proud of you.
You took your first
pinch like a man,
and you learned the two
greatest things in life.
What?
Look at me.
Never rat on your friends...
and always keep
your mouth shut.
MAN:
Hey, here he is! Here he is!
Oh, you broke
your cherry!
[ALL CHEERING]
Congratulations, kid!
♪ Sometimes ♪
♪ I ♪
♪ Wonder ♪
♪ Why I spend ♪
♪ The lonely night ♪
♪ Dreaming of a song ♪
♪ The melody
haunts my reverie ♪
♪ And I am once again with you ♪
By the time I grew up,
there was 30 billion a year
in cargo moving
through Idlewild Airport,
and believe me, we tried
to steal every bit of it.
See, you gotta understand,
we grew up near the airport.
It belonged to Paulie.
And we had friends and relatives
who worked all over the place,
and they would tip us off
about what was coming in
and what was moving out.
And if any of the
truckers or airlines
gave us any trouble,
Paulie had his union people
scare them with a strike.
It was beautiful.
It was an even bigger
moneymaker than numbers,
and Jimmy was
in charge of it all.
Whenever we needed money,
we'd rob the airport.
To us, it was
better than Citibank.
♪ You were in my arms ♪
♪ The nightingale
tells his fairy tale ♪
Hey, you got a phone?
-Come on, come on! Got a phone?
-Phone's over there.
Two niggers
just stole my truck.
Can you believe that shit? Huh?
Can you fuckin' believe that?
There was Jimmy
and Tommy and me,
and there was
Anthony Stabile.
Hey, how are you doin'?
-Frankie Carbone.
-Che si dice? Come se va?
Ci vediamo, eh?
And then there was
Mo Black's brother Fat Andy.
How are you doin', buddy?
And his guys,
Frankie the Wop.
Are you staying
out of trouble?
-Freddy No Nose...
-Hey, pal, how you doin'?
And then there was
Pete the Killer,
who was Sally Balls's brother.
I went ahead and took care
of that thing for ya.
Then you had Nickey Eyes.
What's up, guy?
And Mikey Franzese.
I saw that guy.
Yeah, I wanna see him.
And Jimmy Two Times,
who got that nickname
because he said
everything twice, like...
I'm gonna go get the papers,
get the papers.
HENRY: Vinnie, they're
gonna be out of style
by the time you get this thing
going. Come on, lift it up.
Here you go.
Watch the wall.
Come on.
Come on, Vinnie.
We got coats.
What is this, coats?
Henry. I need suits,
Henry, not coats.
Suits are, uh,
coming Thursday.
I know, but this is the middle
of the fuckin' summer.
What am I gonna do
with fur coats?
You don't want furs,
I'll take them away.
No, no, no. Don't take 'em away.
I want 'em.
You know what we'll do?
We'll hang 'em in the freezer
with the meat. How's that?
For us, to live
any other way was nuts.
To us, those goody-good people
who worked shitty jobs
for bum paychecks and who took
the subway to work every day,
worried about their bills,
were dead.
They were suckers.
They had no balls.
If we wanted something,
we just took it.
If anyone complained twice,
they got hit so bad,
believe me, they never
complained again.
It was just all routine.
You didn't even think about it.
FRANKIE:
I can never hit that number.
TOMMY:
Hey, Frankie, Frankie, Frankie,
what the fuck does 528
have to do with 460?
I can't believe this guy.
Fuckin' 528 ain't even
close to 460.
What the fuck has that got
to do with anything?
FRANKIE:
I've been playin'
that number for three years now.
-Hey, Henry.
-How you doin'?
Piece of cake.
It's all there.
Don't worry
about the alarms.
Just gotta find a way
to get the key.
-No problem, right?
-I'll take care of it.
Hey, guys, how are you doing?
It's good to see you.
Tell him what you
were telling me now, Frenchy.
Too good to be true.
Ha-ha.
Big score coming
from Air France.
I mean, like bags of money
like this comin' in, okay?
From tourists
and American servicemen
who changed their money over
into French money,
sent it back here.
Shh. Calm down.
Okay. It's beautiful.
It's totally,
totally untraceable, okay?
The only problem
is gettin' a key,
but I got
something worked out.
Me and Frenchy,
this fucking guy,
this is a citizen,
so whatever.
The guy's a piece of work.
Now, if I'm right,
there could be, like,
a half a mil comin' in,
all cash.
And he said the best time
is probably over the weekend.
-Oh, yeah.
-So maybe Saturday night.
Oh, they got the Jewish
holiday on Monday.
They won't find out
till Tuesday.
Beautiful.
What about the security?
No. Security?
[CHUCKLES]
-It's him.
-You're lookin' at it.
It's a joke. I'm the
midnight-to-8:00 man.
I'm the commandant.
He just comes in
like he's picking up
lost baggage with Tommy D.
It's beautiful.
Yeah, I don't think
it'll be a problem at all.
We're on.
What-- What's really funny is
the fuckin' bank job
away in Secaucus.
I'm in the middle of the
fuckin' weeds, layin' down.
Comes over, he says,
"What are you doin'?"
I said, "I'm restin'."
"Here you're restin'?
Go to a fuckin' beach
or the park."
I said, "I'm restin'. I know
I'm restin'. I'm restin'."
They pull me in, start giving me
all kinds of questions,
you know, this and that.
He says, "So what are you
gonna tell us, tough guy?"
I said, "My usual.
Zero. Nothing.
Why tell you, ya fuck?"
He says, "No, you're gonna tell
me something today, tough guy."
I said, "All right,
I'll tell you somethin'.
-Go fuck your mother."
-[ALL LAUGHING]
Ping! Pow! Boom! Bing!
You saw the paper, Anthony.
My hair was up like this.
That prick.
So now I'm comin'
around, you know.
I start to come out of it.
Who do I see in front of me?
This big prick again.
He says, "What do you want
to tell me now, tough guy?"
I said, "Ping,
what are you doing here?
I thought I told you
to go fuck your mother."
[ALL LAUGHING]
I thought
he was gonna shit.
Pow! Ping! Pooh!
Motherfuckers.
Hey, I wish
I was big just once.
-Big cops.
-You're a pisser.
Really funny.
What do you mean
I'm funny?
It's funny, you know.
Y-You're-- It's a good story.
It's funny. You're a funny guy.
What do you mean?
You mean the way I talk? What?
Just, you know, you're...
It's-- You're just funny.
It's...funny.
You know, the way you
tell the story and everything.
Funny how?
I mean, what's funny about it?
-ANTHONY:
Tommy, no, you got it all wrong.
-Whoa, whoa, whoa, Anthony.
He's a big boy. He knows
what he said. What'd you say?
-ANTHONY: You're right.
-Funny how?
J-Just...
-What?
-Just...you know.
You're-- You're funny.
[CHUCKLES]
You mean--
Wait, let me understand this,
'cause, you know, maybe it's me.
I'm a little fucked up, maybe.
But I'm funny how?
I mean, funny like I'm a clown?
I amuse you?
I make you laugh?
I'm here to fuckin'
amuse you?
What do you mean, funny?
Funny how? How am I funny?
I don't know.
Just...you know.
How you tell
the story. What--
No, no, I don't know.
You said it.
How do I know?
You said I'm funny.
How the fuck am I funny?
What the fuck
is so funny about me?
Tell me.
Tell me what's funny.
Get the fuck out
of here, Tommy.
You motherfucker!
I almost had him!
You stutterin' prick, you!
Frankie, was he shaking?
[ALL LAUGHING]
I wonder about you
sometimes, Henry.
You may fold
under questioning.
[ALL LAUGH LOUDER]
HENRY:
Jesus Christ.
What the fuck
is it with you?
I thought I was
gettin' pinched over here!
He's hangin' on my fuckin'
neck like a vulture,
like impending dange--
What do you want?
This guy's worried.
He didn't want to come over
and give the check.
-The waiter?
-If you could take care
of this shit...
Yeah, it's no problem.
Tell him to put it on my tab.
Of course.
That's what I wanted
to talk to you about.
It ain't just this here.
It's 7 fuckin' big ones here,
7 fuckin' G's you owe me.
Seven thousand dollars.
I mean, that ain't peanuts.
I don't mean to be
out of order or nothin'--
You don't mean
to be out of order?
Jeez, it's good you don't
mean to be out of order, Sonny.
You call embarrassin' me
in front of my friends,
like you're callin' me
a fuckin' deadbeat?
You know, Sonny,
you're a real fuckin' mutt.
You know the money we spend
in this fucking--
Come on, don't be like that,
Tommy.
What do you mean,
don't be like that?
Jesus Christ!
[LAUGHING]
You motherfuckin'--
SONNY:
Jesus Christ!
Do you believe this prick?
You think this is funny, huh?
He's havin'...
What the fuck
are you lookin' at?
You fuckin'...
You fuckin' moron.
You don't wanna bring
the check, you fucking--
Tommy.
Fuckin'...
Do you believe
this prick?
Fuckin' guy.
You're supposed to be
doing this stuff too, you know.
You're a funny guy.
[LAUGHING]
-That's it, Henry!
That's it, Henry!
-No, no, no, come on, come on!
Hey, you wanna laugh,
this prick last week
asked me
to christen his kid.
[ALL LAUGH LOUDER]
Yeah, all right,
the 7,000 I charged him!
[HENRY LAUGHING LOUDLY]
You really are a funny guy!
That's it! That's it!
But I'm worried. I mean,
I'm hearing all kinds
of fuckin' bad things.
I mean, he's treatin' me
like I'm a fuckin' half
a fag or something.
I'm gonna wind up a lamist.
I gotta go on the fuckin' lam
to get away from this guy?
This ain't right, Paulie.
I mean, I can't go here,
I can't go there--
You think you're
the only one?
I talk to them a million times.
They don't listen.
If you tell him, he'll stop.
I mean...I'm gonna wind up
being declared an MIA.
They're gonna find me
in the back of a car,
somewhere in the weeds?
Come on.
You know this
fuckin' Tommy all your life.
Who knows better than you?
This cocksucker's
an arch criminal.
When I leave
my house in the morning,
before I get to the car,
I'm lookin' over both shoulders.
This is no way to live.
You know I'm no fence-jumper.
I'm around you all my life.
You tell me what I gotta do.
Whatever the fuck
I gotta do I'm gonna do, no?
What could I do?
If there was somethin'
I could do,
don't you think I would do it?
You know me.
I would like to help you out.
Sonny, tell him
what we talked about.
-SONNY:
You think it's all right?
-Yeah. Go on.
What?
Paulie, you know, look,
maybe you could come in with me,
you know, take a piece
of this fuckin' joint.
That'd be good.
What are you talkin' about?
What do you mean,
the restaurant?
Yeah. I mean,
this is a classy place.
I mean, look at the layout.
You've been in there
a million times.
You know what it looks like.
I mean...
Tommy taking over
this fuckin' joint
is like putting a silk
hat on a-- on a pig.
I mean, I don't mean
no disrespect or nothin', Henry,
but that's the way it is.
I know you're his friend.
I'm begging you.
What can I say?
I-- What am I gonna do?
What am I gonna do?
What does he
want from me?
I don't know what--
I don't know nothing
about the restaurant business.
Nothing. All I know is how
to sit down and order.
I don't know how
to make a restaurant.
No, uh, not for you.
Just a place to hang.
You know? The chef is great.
You got a--
The fuckin' shows are good.
There's a lot of whores
comin' in here.
I'd like to help you out.
Look, what do you want from me?
Tommy's a bad kid.
He's a bad seed.
What am I supposed to do,
shoot him?
It wouldn't be a bad idea.
I'm sorry I said that.
I didn't mean to say that.
I-- I just mean
that he's scaring me.
You know, uh...
I just-- I need help, all right?
Help me, please.
You know anything about this
fuckin' restaurant business?
SONNY:
He knows everything about it.
He's in the joint
24 hours a day.
I mean, another fuckin'
few-- few minutes,
he could be a stool.
That's how often he's in here.
You understand me?
-You want me to be your partner?
-Yeah.
That's what you're
trying to tell me?
Yeah. What the fuck you think
I'm talking about, Paulie?
Please. Come on.
This is not even fair, no?
-You don't understand.
The joint is--
-Oh, you run the joint.
Uh, maybe I'll try
to help you. All right.
God bless you, Paulie.
I appreciate it.
God bless you.
You've always been fair with me.
Now the guy's got Paulie
as a partner.
Any problems--
he goes to Paulie.
Trouble with the bill--
he can go to Paulie.
Trouble with the cops,
deliveries, Tommy--
he can call Paulie.
But now the guy's got to come up
with Paulie's money every week,
no matter what.
Business bad? Fuck you. Pay me.
Oh, you had a fire?
Fuck you. Pay me.
Place got hit by lightning, huh?
Mind if I get one
of those TVs?
Nah, I'll be certain
you can't break anything.
Also, Paulie could do anything,
especially run up bills
on the joint's credit.
And why not? Nobody's
gonna pay for it anyway.
And as soon as the deliveries
are made in the front door,
you move the stuff out the back
and sell it at a discount.
You take a $200 case of booze,
and you sell it for 100.
Doesn't matter. It's all profit.
And then finally,
when there's nothing left...
Fuckin' shame.
...and you can't borrow
another buck from the bank
or buy another case of booze...
you bust the joint out.
You light a match.
Need any help
reaching anything?
You look like
you're decorating
a Christmas tree,
ya fuckin' prick.
You don't know
what you're doin'.
♪ You left the others standing
with their hearts in pain ♪
♪ And now you're... ♪
She's from
the Five Towns.
What? Who?
Who?
The Jew Broad, Diane.
I was telling you
about her inside.
I've been tryin' to bang
this broad for a fuckin'
month now.
The only thing is she won't
go out with me alone, you know?
No.
-No what?
-No.
No what, Henry?
Who the fuck asked you anything?
I didn't even ask you anything.
-At least wait to hear
what I'm gonna say.
-All right. What?
Okay, what:
She don't want to go out
with Italians alone.
She's prejudiced
against Italians.
Fuckin' believe that?
In this day and age?
What the fuck
is this world comin' to?
[STAMMERING, CHUCKLING]
I can't believe this.
Prejudiced against--
A Jew broad prejudiced
against Italians.
Anyway, she won't go out
with me alone
unless her girlfriend
comes with her.
So I figure you come along
and go out with her girlfriend.
See? I knew it.
I knew it. I knew it. I knew it.
You knew what?
See what?
What the fuck
is wrong with that?
-When is this?
-Tomorrow night.
I can't tomorrow night.
I gotta meet Tuddy.
You could meet Tuddy,
you could fuckin' come early
and then still go.
Tommy, Tommy,
why do you always do this?
Don't give me that fuckin'
"Tommy" shit.
What the fuck
I asked you for, Henry?
I'm asking for a favor.
I do a lot of fucking favors
for you, don't I?
I'm tryin' to bang
this fuckin' broad.
You wanna help me out?
-[ALARM RINGING]
-It's-- It's--
-HENRY: What?
-I don't understand you.
"What?"
She's fuckin' beautiful!
Her fuckin' family,
they live in the Five Towns.
These Jew broads
got a lotta money.
Maybe the family owns
the whole fuckin' block.
You'll happen to wind up
with a big fuckin' score,
you motherfucker!
-Oh, fuck! See?
You with your fucking mouth!
-Me? You mother--
-[TIRES SCREECHING]
I had a meeting with Tuddy
around 11 o'clock,
and here I am,
a backup guy for Tommy.
TOMMY:
How about you, honey?
You have enough to eat?
-Yeah, it's delicious.
-Yeah?
Just watching my diet.
Well, let me watch
your figure for you.
I couldn't wait to get away.
I was ordering the dessert
when they were eating dinner.
When they were having coffee,
I was asking for a check.
I had business.
Have some coffee.
It'll wake you up.
Joe, can we have the check?
TOMMY:
Whoa, whoa, whoa,
what are you doing?
HENRY:
I gotta go.
Go where, Henry?
We just got here.
I got that thing.
I gotta go.
[WHISPERS]
Oh, I forgot.
Wait a couple of minutes.
We'll all leave together.
This way you don't go out
like a bunch of hobos,
staggering out one at a time,
you know?
WOMAN:
I couldn't stand him.
I thought
he was really obnoxious.
He kept fidgeting around.
You don't mind,
do you?
That's very annoying.
TOMMY: It's, uh, anisette.
-Good, huh?
-Mm.
Yeah, you'd probably do
a lot better with Manischewitz,
but it'd look funny on my table.
[LAUGHS]
-Ready?
-Henry, lighten up.
We-- We just got here.
What are you doin'?
WOMAN: Before it was even
time to go home,
he was pushing me into the car
and then pulling me out.
It was ridiculous.
But Diane and Tommy
made us promise
to meet them again
on Friday night.
We agreed.
Of course, when Friday night
came around,
Henry stood me up.
I feel terrible.
I don't know where he is.
You know,
he really liked you too.
All he did
was talk about her, you know?
We were a trio instead of
a double date that night.
He should've called.
I hope it's nothing serious.
That's what I'm worried about.
But I made Tommy
take me looking for him.
[TIRES SCREECHING]
-MAN: Son of a bitch.
-HENRY: Tommy, what the fuck?
You got some nerve,
standing me up.
Nobody does that to me.
Who the hell
do you think you are?
Frankie Valli
or some kind of big shot?
-HENRY: Take it easy.
-[LAUGHTER]
Slow down.
Slow down, all right? I forgot.
I thought it was next week.
It was Friday.
It was this Friday,
and you agreed,
so you're a liar!
Come on. We can talk about this,
all right? Take it easy.
Talk about it?
Talk to you after what
you just did to me?
Forget it. I'm not talking
to you about anything.
Wait a second. I thought
you were gonna stand me up.
You looked bored.
You didn't say anything.
What do you expect? Hmm?
Let me make it up to you.
Karen.
I'll think about it.
HENRY: I remember,
she's screaming on the street,
and I mean loud.
But she looked good.
-I'll think about it.
-Come on.
-It's gonna cost you, Hill.
-I'm gonna make it up to you.
It'll cost you a lot.
She had these great eyes,
just like Liz Taylor's.
At least that's what I thought.
[DOOR OPENS]
Hello, Henry.
-You ready?
-Yeah.
HENRY: Come on.
Oh, no. Wait a minute.
HENRY: What?
Quick, you have
to cover that cross.
My mother sees that cross...
WOMAN: Karen?
Mom.
I'd like you to meet
my friend Henry Hill.
-How do you do?
-Hi. Nice to meet you.
My daughter says that, uh,
you're half Jewish.
Um, it's just the good half.
[MOTHER LAUGHS]
-Thank you, sir.
-All right. See you later.
Thanks.
What are you doing?
You're leaving your car?
He watches the car for me.
It's easier than leaving it
at a garage and waiting.
It's a lot quicker that way.
Know what I mean?
Huh?
♪ He looked kind of nice,
and so I said... ♪
I like going this way.
It's better than waiting
in the line.
[LAUGHS]
♪ When he danced,
he held me tight ♪
-How you doing?
-Hello, Henry.
Good, good. What's up?
Here you go.
♪ All the stars
were shining bright ♪
♪ And then he kissed me ♪
[CHUCKLES]
How you doing, Gino?
-Hiya, Henry. How are you?
-How are you? Good. Good.
Every time I come here.
Every time, you two.
Don't you work?
♪ I didn't know
just what to do ♪
♪ So I whispered,
"I love you" ♪
♪ And he said
that he loved me too ♪
♪ And then he kissed me ♪
♪ He kissed me in a way that
I've never been kissed before ♪
Hey, how you doing?
How are ya?
♪ He kissed me in a way ♪
♪ That I want to be kissed
forevermore ♪
♪ I knew that he was mine ♪
♪ So I gave him
all the love that I had ♪
♪ And one day, he took me home
to meet his... ♪
Hey. How are you?
Your table will be ready
in a minute. Excuse me.
-HENRY: Oh.
-Henry.
-How you doing?
-Henry, nice to see you.
-Yeah, good seeing you.
-Hi. How are you?
-Anthony, right in the front.
-HENRY: Great. Great. Thanks.
Anything you need, Henry.
Just let me know.
MAN: How come
we can't get a table?
I know you're waitin'
for a table.
I'll be right with you.
Tony, thanks a lot.
I appreciate it. Thanks.
-Hey, how you guys doing?
-Hiya, Henry.
It's good to see you.
-How you doing? How are ya?
-Good to see you.
Good, good. How you doing?
You gave them $20 each.
It's all right.
Henry, this is
with Mr. Tony over there.
-Where?
-Over there.
HENRY: Oh. Thanks a lot,
Tony. Thank you. Salute.
ALL: Salute.
Ah.
What do you do?
-What?
-What do you do?
I'm in construction.
They don't feel
like you're in construction.
Ah, I'm a union delegate.
[DRUMROLL]
MAN:
And now, ladies and gentlemen,
the copacabana
is proud to present
the king of the one-liners,
Henny Youngman!
[CHEERS AND APPLAUSE]
How are you all?
I'm glad to be here.
Take my wife, please.
[AUDIENCE LAUGHS]
I take my wife everywhere,
but she finds her way home.
[AUDIENCE LAUGHS]
HENNY YOUNGMAN:
I said, "Where do you want
to go for your anniversary?"
She said, "Somewhere
I've never been before."
I said, "Try the kitchen."
Dr. Wellser is here.
A wonderful doctor.
Gave a guy six months to live.
Couldn't pay his bill.
Gave him another six months.
[LAUGHTER AND APPLAUSE]
I love this crowd!
HENRY:
Air France made me.
We walked out with $420,000
without using a gun,
and we did the right thing--
we gave Paulie his tribute.
HENRY:
Thirty-five, forty,
forty-five, fifty...
sixty thousand.
-[LAUGHTER]
It's gonna be
a good summer.
[ALL LAUGHING]
Fantastic.
I'm proud of you, now.
That is a lot of money
for a kid like you, all right?
Anybody asks you
where you got it,
you got it in Vegas
playing craps.
-All right. Uh-huh.
-All right?
-Yeah? Yeah? Yeah?
-All right. Yeah.
[ALL LAUGHING]
WAITER:
Check, sir.
KAREN:
No, no, no.
You have to sign for it here.
Should I tip him?
Thank you.
♪ Violets are blue ♪
Hi, Karen.
-Hi.
-How you doing?
Okay, Bruce. How are you?
I'm okay.
Henry, this is Bruce.
Bruce, this is Henry.
Good to meet you.
I'll see you around later.
♪ On graduation day ♪
Do you know him?
Yeah.
He lives across the street.
♪ Roses are red, my love ♪
♪ Violets are blue ♪
♪ Sugar is sweet, my love,
but not as sweet as you ♪
♪ We dated through
high school... ♪
KAREN:
One night, Bobby Vinton
sent us champagne.
There was nothing like it.
I didn't think there was
anything strange in any of this.
You know, a 21-year-old kid
with such connections.
♪ ...to my name ♪
♪ Roses are red... ♪
He was an exciting guy.
He was really nice.
He introduced me to everybody.
Everybody wanted
to be nice to him,
and he knew how to handle it.
Don't buy wigs
that come off at the wrong time.
Morrie's wigs don't come off!
Even underwater.
And remember--
Morrie's wigs are tested
against hurricane winds.
So forget about money!
You can afford a Morrie wig--
priced to fit every budget--
so call me now!
MORRIE: And come in
for a personalized fitting.
Don't buy wigs that come off
at the wrong time.
Call Morrie's Wig Shop.
-Come visit me, sweetheart.
-Come on, Morrie. Let's go.
Jimmy's waiting.
You're past due, so--
Henry, you're a good kid.
I been good to you.
You been good to me.
But there's something quite
unreasonable going on here.
Jimmy's being
an unconscionable ball-breaker.
Okay, give him 8-5
on Cleveland.
Look, look.
I-- I never had to pay
the vigorish debt he demands.
Am I something special?
What am I,
a shmuck on wheels?
Morrie, please.
You know Jimmy.
You borrowed his money.
Pay him!
I didn't agree
to three points above the vig.
What am I,
fuckin' nuts? Come on!
You gonna fight
with Jimmy Conway?
He wants his money.
Give him his money,
and let us just get
the fuck outta here.
-Hey, fuck him!
Fuck him in the ear.
What are you talkin' about?
Fuck him in the other ear,
that son of a bitch.
Did I ever bust his balls?
Did I? Did I?
-I could've dropped the dime
a million times--
-Shh! Morrie, come on!
Morrie, Morrie,
don't call the cops.
You're talkin' crazy.
Stop it now, will ya?
You got money for that
fuckin' commercial of yours.
-[HENRY LAUGHING]
-Fuckin' commercial--
You don't got my money?
You don't got
my fuckin' money, huh?
Jimmy, he--
He's gonna pay.
I'll fuckin' kill you.
-I'm sorry.
-Get the money,
you fuckin' cocksucker!
-I'm sorry.
-[TELEPHONE RINGING]
Pay me my money!
He'll pay. He'll pay.
Morrie's.
Yeah, who's this?
He's here.
-Jimmy, I'm sorry.
-Yeah? You should be sorry.
Don't fuckin' do it again,
and gimme the money. Understand?
Give me the fuckin' money!
You hear me?
-I will.
-I gotta come here,
you bust my balls?
-Give me the fuckin' money!
-I'll give you. I'll give you.
-Hello?
-You got it, kid.
-You got it. Believe me.
-What?
Karen, s-slow down.
-Get the fuckin' money.
-Jimmy, I'll pay you.
-I promise. I'm sorry.
-Where? Stay there. Don't move.
All right.
-What happened?
-HENRY: Karen, Jimmy.
-MORRIE: I'll pay.
-Money today.
-Yeah, I'll pay. I'll pay.
-Today! Today!
-I promise to you. I-I promise.
-Give me today!
[TIRES SCREECHING]
-What happened?
-[CRYING]
What happened?
Are you all right?
-Yeah, I'm all--
-Well, no, who did it?
Who did what?
This guy who lives across
the street from me
that I've known
all my life.
W-What did--?
What did--? What--?
What did--? I don't--
Look, he started to touch me.
He started to grab me.
I told him to stop.
He didn't stop.
I hit him back.
[VOICE BREAKING]
And then he got really angry.
[TIRES SCREECHING]
He pushed me out of the car!
[TURNS OFF ENGINE]
You sure you're all right?
-Huh?
-Yeah.
Why don't you go inside
and get yourself together,
clean up.
[CAR DOOR OPENS, CLOSES]
What do you want, fucko?
You want something? Huh?
Ohh! Ah! Shit!
What are you doing?
[GRUNTING]
Fuck! Ugh! Ugh!
I swear on my fucking mother,
if you touch her again,
you're dead!
[GROANS]
Fuck!
Don't shoot!
[BRUCE GROANS]
Here. Hide this.
Are you all right?
-Are you all right? Huh?
-Yeah. Yeah.
KAREN:
I know there are women,
like my best friends,
who would've gotten out of there
the minute their boyfriend
gave them a gun to hide.
But I didn't.
I got to admit the truth--
it turned me on.
Mazel tov!
ALL: Mazel tov.
[APPLAUSE]
♪ Will you take part in ♪
♪ My life ♪
-♪ My love? ♪
-[WHISPERING INDISTINCTLY]
♪ That is my dream ♪
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
Vinnie.
All right.
Listen, here's what we'll do,
Johnny...
My mother's gonna get
a bottle of Brioschi.
WOMAN:
Why don't you be like
your friend Henry there?
He's got a nice girl.
He's settling down now.
He's married.
Pretty soon,
he'll have a nice family.
And you're still bouncing around
from girl to girl.
MORRIE:
Hey, Frankie!
Frankie, how you been?
Hey, Morrie, listen.
[SPEAKING ITALIAN]
KAREN: It was like
he had two families.
The first time I was introduced
to all of them at once,
it was crazy.
Paulie and his brothers
had lots of sons and nephews.
Paulie, I want you
to meet Karen.
And almost all of them
were named Peter or Paul.
This is Peter. This is
my brother's second cousin.
It was unbelievable.
I want you to meet Paulie Jr.,
my nephew.
-Hi, Paulie.
-And this is Petey.
There must have been two dozen
Peters and Pauls at the wedding.
This is Marie.
Plus, they were all married
to girls named Marie.
-She's beautiful.
-Hi. How are you?
She looks Italian.
PAULIE:
Yeah, she looks Italian.
Yeah, right.
And they named
all their daughters Marie.
-PAULIE: This is Marie.
-Hi. Hello.
And this is Pete--
No, I mean Paulie.
I get confused myself.
By the time I finished
meeting everybody,
I thought I was drunk.
WOMAN: She's such
a beautiful bride.
Paulie, you shouldn't have.
[SPEAKING ITALIAN]
Welcome to the family, honey.
Sunday dinner?
WOMAN: So beautiful.
I want to cry.
PAULIE:
Karen, here's a little something
to help you get started, huh?
Thanks.
Hi.
♪ Come here
to my open arms ♪
♪ Life is but a dream ♪
The bag. The bag.
What?
-What bag?
-The bag. The bag with all
the envelopes in it,
all the money.
Oh.
[LAUGHS]
Don't worry about that.
Nobody's gonna steal that here.
-Okay.
-Okay?
Yeah.
♪ Will you take part in ♪
♪ My life ♪
♪ My love? ♪
♪ That is my ♪
♪ Dream ♪
♪ Life is but a dream ♪
He didn't call?
He's with his friends.
What kind of a person
doesn't call?
Ma, he's a grown-up.
He doesn't have to call
every five minutes.
If he was such a grown-up,
why doesn't he get you two
an apartment?
Oy! Don't start.
Mom, you're the one
who wanted us here.
Listen. You're here a month,
and sometimes I know
he doesn't come home at all.
What kind of people
are these?
Ma, what do you want me to do?
Do? What can you do?
He's not Jewish.
Did you know
how these people live?
what they were like?
Your father never stayed out
all night without calling!
Stay out?
Daddy never went out at all, Ma.
Keep out of it.
You don't know how I feel!
Feel? How do you feel now?
You don't know where he is.
You don't know who he's with--
He's with his friends! Dad!
Will you leave him out of this?
He's suffered enough.
The man hasn't been able
to digest a decent meal
in six weeks.
-[DOOR CLOSES]
[VEHICLE APPROACHING]
-Henry, where--
-Where were you?
Why didn't you call?
-Where have you been?
-Mom!
We were worried to death!
A married man
does not stay out like this.
-Mom! Stop it! No!
-Normal people
don't act like this!
[CHUCKLES]
-[LAUGHING]
-TOMMY: What's wrong with you?
-Henry.
-Shut up.
-You're not normal. She's right.
-Shut up. No.
What's wrong with you, Henry?
-What kind of person are you?
-Tommy.
-Tommy, let's go.
-What is the matter with you?
TOMMY: What the fuck
kind of people are they?
♪ Look out! Look out!
Look out! Look out! ♪
Well, we weren't married
to 9:00-to-5:00 guys,
but the first time
I realized how different
was when Mickey had
a hostess party.
Karen, where are you from?
Lawrence.
Oh, yeah, Lawrence,
out on the island. That's nice.
I'm from Miami.
You ever been there?
-No.
-It's okay,
but it's like you died
and woke up in Jew heaven.
Angie, stop picking
at that thing.
It's the one with the hands.
I'd like to smack his face.
The red-haired guy
who looks like a farmer?
I can't get through the gate
without this guy's hands
all over me.
So I told him--
I said, "Keep your fuckin' hands
off me, you son of a bitch,
or I'll cut 'em off."
She means it.
He don't know
how lucky he is.
I just mention this to Vinnie...
-I don't wanna know about it.
-How can you mention it?
Vinnie'd kill him. Please.
If I don't, he'll kill
the miserable bastard.
Then Vinnie'll be there
for life.
You think you got problems?
What about Jeannie's kid?
What happened?
He was in an argument,
a lousy $10 card game.
He pulls out a gun.
The gun goes off.
Some kid gets killed.
When the grandmother hears it
and finds out he's in jail,
she has a heart attack.
She drops dead
right on the spot.
Now Jeannie has a husband
and a son in jail
and a mother
in the funeral parlor.
Aw, come on.
WOMAN: Hey, you know
Jeannie drinks.
WOMAN 2: Well,
maybe she's depressed.
Depressed? Give me a break.
She's drunk.
Aw, come on. As soon--
As soon as something happens,
you automatically make them out
to be saints.
KAREN: They had bad skin
and wore too much makeup.
I mean, they didn't look
very good.
They looked beat up.
And the stuff they wore
was thrown together and cheap--
a lot of pantsuits
and double-knits.
WOMAN: She doesn't wake up
in the morning.
She spends her life
in a nightgown.
That woman is no angel,
believe me.
And they talked about
how rotten their kids were
and about beating them with
broom handles and leather belts,
but that the kids still
didn't pay any attention.
When Henry picked me up,
I was dizzy.
I don't know.
I don't know if I could
live like that.
God forbid, what would happen
if you had to go to prison?
Karen!
-[LAUGHING]
-Mickey said
that Jeannie's husband--
You know why Jeannie's husband
went to the can?
Because of Jeannie.
Because he wanted to get away
from her, that's why.
Look, let me tell
you something.
Nobody goes to jail
unless they want to,
unless they make themselves
get caught.
They don't have
things organized.
I know what I'm doing.
I've got things organized
with these guys.
You know who goes to jail?
Nigger stick-up men,
that's who,
and you know why
they get caught?
Because they fall asleep
in the getaway car, Karen.
Come on.
Don't worry so much, sweetie.
Come here.
After a while,
it got to be all normal.
None of it seemed like crimes.
It was more like Henry
was enterprising
and that he and the guys
were making a few bucks hustling
while the other guys
were sitting on their asses
waiting for handouts.
Our husbands
weren't brain surgeons.
They were blue-collar guys.
They only way
they could make extra money--
real extra money-- was to go out
and cut a few corners.
Where's the strongbox,
you fuckin' varmint, you?
Easy.
Take him easy.
-All right, all right!
-Don't fuckin' move!
-Take it easy. Take it easy.
-Don't move!
Go ahead.
Come on.
Okay, Frankie.
Get in the fuckin' car.
TOMMY:
Here's your hat, you fuck.
-FRANKIE:
See you guys at the diner.
-TOMMY: I'm ridin' shotgun.
[HENRY LAUGHING]
Did you see him
give it right over?
TOMMY:
Come on. Let's go.
Back to the hideout
and split up the loot,
you sidewinder!
Yeee-haw!
[LAUGHING]
We were all so very close.
I mean, there were never
any outsiders around,
absolutely never.
And being together
all the time
made everything seem
all the more normal.
-Hello, Mrs. Hill. Police.
-I'm detective Deacy.
This is Detective Silvestri.
We got a search warrant here
for the premise.
Could you read and sign it?
-Anywhere?
-Yeah. Anywhere.
DEACY: We're gonna take a while.
We gotta go through everything.
All right?
You boys want some coffee?
No coffee, no.
Thanks anyway.
All right. Just be careful.
All right. We're gonna go
about our business.
And I'll take the kitchen.
There was always
a little harassment.
They always wanted
to talk to Henry
about this or that.
They'd come in with
their subpoenas and warrants
and make me sign.
But mostly they were just
looking for a handout,
a few bucks to keep things quiet
no matter what they found.
[WHISTLING]
I always asked them
if they wanted coffee.
Some of the wives,
like Mickey Conway,
used to curse at them
and spit on the floor.
She used to spit
on her own floor.
That never made
any sense to me.
It was better to be polite
and call the lawyer.
♪ Don't cry, Tootsie,
don't cry ♪
♪ Agh! ♪
♪ Goodbye, Tootsie, goodbye ♪
ALL: ♪ Happy birthday to you ♪
We always did
everything together,
and we always
were in the same crowd--
anniversaries, christenings.
We only went
to each other's houses.
The women played cards,
and when the kids were born,
Mickey and Jimmy were always
the first at the hospital.
And when we went to the islands
or Vegas for vacation,
we always went together.
No outsiders, ever.
It got to be normal.
It got to where
I was even proud
that I had the kind of husband
who was willing to go out
and risk his neck
just to get us
the little extras.
KAREN:
But I got my mom
to watch the babies
tomorrow night!
Can't do it, Karen.
-Why not?
-I just can't do it.
I got something
lined up.
Yeah, but tomorrow night's
the only night she can do it.
Pretty please?
Karen, I can't do it.
What do you want me to do?
I gotta go.
-Wait a minute.
-What?
I wanted to go shopping.
Can I get some money?
How much do you need?
How much?
That much.
-What? Here.
-This much.
-Here.
-Give me a kiss.
Here.
See you later.
No.
Uh-- Oh...
-[ZIPPER RASPS]
-All right.
♪ I always dreamed the boy
I loved would come along ♪
♪ And he'd be tall and handsome,
rich and strong ♪
♪ Now that boy I love
has come to me ♪
♪ But he sure ain't the way
I thought he'd be ♪
♪ Sha-la-la-la-la-la,
hey, hey, hey ♪
hey, hey, hey... ♪
Hey, Batts.
-You look beautiful.
-Vito! How are you?
Welcome home.
-How are you?
-Great. Great.
Hiya, sweetheart.
How are you?
Mwah. Good. Good.
Sit down. Have a drink. Come on.
Give us a drink.
Get them all a drink here.
And give those Irish hoodlums
a drink down there.
There's only
one Irishman here.
-Yeah.
-It's a celebration, fellas.
-Salute.
-Top of the morning to you.
BATTS:
Good to be home.
HENRY:
Welcome back.
-JIMMY: Hey.
-This is my friend Jimmy.
Henry. It's his joint.
-Nice to meet you.
-This is Lisa.
-Hey, Frankie, how are ya?
-Hey, Tommy. All dressed up.
All grown up and doing the town.
Look at this.
-Oh, shit.
-Tommy!
I forgot they was having
a party for this mouth.
Oh! Oh! Come here!
Christ. Let me go say hello.
-Hey, Billy, how are ya?
-Tommy, get over here.
I haven't seen you
in six fucking years.
-How you doing, Billy? Whoa.
-Jesus Christ Almighty.
You look terrific.
-How you feeling?
-Watch the suit. Watch the suit.
"Watch the suit."
You little prick, you.
-Hey, I know you all my life.
-All right. Good.
Don't go gettin' too big
on me now.
Just don't go busting my balls,
Billy, okay?
Hey, Tommy,
if I was gonna break your balls,
I'd tell you to go home
and get your shine box.
[LAUGHTER]
Oh, this kid was--
This kid was great. They--
They used to call him
"Spitshine Tommy."
I swear to God.
Oh, he'd make your shoes
look like fuckin' mirrors.
Excuse my language.
He was terrific.
He was the best.
And he made a lot
of money too.
Salute, Tommy.
No more shines, Billy.
-What?
-I said, no more shines.
Maybe you didn't hear.
You've been away a long time.
They didn't go up there
and tell ya.
I don't shine shoes anymore.
Relax, will you?
For crying out--
What's--? What's got into you?
I'm breaking your balls
a little bit, that's all.
I'm only kiddin' with ya.
Sometimes you don't sound
like you're kidding.
You know, there's a lotta
people around.
Tommy, I'm only kidding
with you. We're having a party.
I just came home, I haven't
seen you in a long time,
and I'm breakin' your balls,
and right away
you're gettin' fuckin' fresh.
I'm sorry.
I don't mean to offend you.
I'm sorry too.
It's okay. No problem.
Okay. Salute.
Now go home and get
your fuckin' shine box.
[BREAKS GLASS]
Motherfuckin' mutt!
You-- You fuckin' piece of shit!
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Come on. Come on. Come on!
-Let him go.
-Henry, he brought
his fuckin' button,
that fake old tough guy!
-HENRY: He's drunk.
-You brought
your fuckin' button!
-Take it easy. Take it easy.
-Don't get nervous.
Don't get nervous.
-You-- You motherfuck--
Fuck-- Keep that
motherfucker here.
-Keep him here. Keep him here.
-BATTS: Let him go.
-Batts. Batts.
-Come on!
You fuckin' feel strong?
I'm sorry.
Tommy gets a little loaded.
He doesn't mean
any disrespect.
He don't mean any disrespect,
Henry? Are you nuts?
Teach this kid
a little fuckin' manners!
Hey, Jimmy,
what's right is right.
You understand
what I'm talkin' about?
It's all right. It's all right.
No, I mean, the kid's over here,
we're huggin' and kissin'
over here,
and two minutes later
he's actin' like a fuckin' jerk.
No, no, no, no, no.
You insulted him a little bit.
You got a little
out of order yourself.
-No, I didn't insult him.
-You insulted him a little bit.
No, I didn't insult nobody.
Give us a drink.
-Give us a drink.
-Okay.
Come on, let's have some drinks.
Drinks on the house. Let me--
-Yeah. No, have
the drink with me.
-No, no, no, no.
Billy, Billy,
drinks are on the house.
-Go on. On the house.
-I'll fuck him in his ass.
I fucked kids like that
in the can-- In the ass,
I fucked him.
Fuckin' break up my party...
♪ The other so-called gods
of our legends ♪
♪ Though gods they were ♪
♪ And as the elders of our time
choose to remain blind ♪
BATTS:
...been away for six years.
Everything is different.
I did my fuckin' time, Jimmy.
I did my fuckin' time.
I come home,
and I want what I gotta get.
I got fuckin' mouths to feed.
You understand?
Yeah, I-- What's this?
[GRUNTS]
JIMMY:
Get the door!
♪ Where I want to be ♪
♪ She may be ♪
♪ Way down ♪
♪ Below the ocean ♪
[BATTS GROANS]
♪ Where... ♪
Let me shoot him
in his big fuckin' mouth!
-Let's shoot him!
-JIMMY: Come on.
♪ ...way down ♪
♪ Below the ocean ♪
♪ Where I want to be ♪
♪ She may be ♪
♪ Way down ♪
♪ Below the ocean... ♪
Fuckin' mutt dented my shoes.
His whole crew's
gonna be lookin' for him.
This is fuckin' bad.
What are we gonna
do with him?
We can't just dump him
on the street.
Don't worry. I know a place
upstate they'll never find him.
Come on,
let's get some more tablecloths.
I didn't want
to get blood on your floor.
♪ She may be ♪
-♪ Way down ♪
-Henry, go open your trunk.
♪ Oh, yeah, yeah,
yeah, yeah, yeah ♪
♪ Where... ♪
TOMMY: I'll pick up a shovel
at my mother's house.
[FADING OUT]
♪ She may be... ♪
She keeps a shovel
right around here somewhere.
Just keep quiet
'cause I don't wanna
wake her up, you know.
Oh.
Look who's here.
TOMMY:
Hey, Ma, what's going on?
What are you doing?
What happened?
-No, no, no, nothing.
-What happened to you?
I hit somethin' on the road.
Jimmy'll tell you.
-What happened, Jimmy?
-Nothing, nothing, nothing.
-How are you? How are you?
-Oh.
I haven't seen you in so long.
What happened?
I hate to see him that way.
-Hi. How are you?
-You too. How are you?
What happened?
-Tell me what happened.
-What're you doing up late?
He came in. Youse came in.
I figured, you know--
-It's 3:00 in the morning.
-I'm so happy to see him.
Look, go inside.
Make yourselves comfortable.
-No. No, no, no. Go to sleep.
-I'll make you something to eat.
-We're gonna leave.
-No, I can't sleep.
Not while he's home.
I haven't seen him in so long.
I wanna see him.
Look, youse go inside.
This stuff is great,
but it's like lead.
So, tell me. Tell me.
Where have you been?
I haven't seen you.
I haven't even--
You haven't even called
or anything.
Where have you been?
Ma, I've been working nights.
And?
And, well,
tonight we were out late.
We took a ride on the...
out to the country,
and we hit one of those deers.
That's where all
the blood came from.
I told you.
Jimmy told you before.
Anyway, you know,
that reminds me, Ma,
I need this knife.
I'm gonna take this. It's okay?
Okay, yeah. Bring it back,
though, you know.
Well, the poor thing,
you know, he got--
I hit him in his, uh--
We hit the deer in his paw.
What do you call it?
-The paw. The paw. His foot.
-TOMMY: The paw.
The hoof.
The hoof got caught
in the grill,
and I gotta--
I gotta hack it off.
-Ooh!
-Hey, Ma, it's a sin.
You gonna leave it there?
You know, so...
Anyway, I'll-- I'll bring
your knife back after I do that.
-Delicious. Delicious.
-MOTHER: Thank you.
Why don't you get yourself
a nice girl?
I get a nice one
almost every night, Ma.
Yeah, but get yourself a girl
so you can settle down.
I settle down
almost every night,
but then in the morning,
I'm free. I love you.
-I wanna be with you.
-Ha-ha-ha!
Why don't you settle down?
MOTHER: How's your friend
Henry there?
Henry, what's the matter?
You don't talk too much.
JIMMY:
Talk a little bit.
What are you quiet for?
MOTHER: You don't eat much.
You don't talk much.
Uh, I'm just listening.
-TOMMY: Is something
wrong with you?
-No.
MOTHER: You remind me
of when we were kids,
the compares used to visit
one another,
and there was this man.
He would never talk.
He would just sit there
all night
and not say a word.
So they says to him,
"What's the matter, compare?"
Don't you talk?
Don't you say anything?"
He says,
"What am I gonna say?
That my wife two-times me?"
So she says to him,
"Shut up!
You're always talking."
[LAUGHTER]
But in Italian,
it sounds much nicer.
[SPEAKING ITALIAN]
Yeah.
That's it.
JIMMY:
What's that mean?
It means he's--
He's content to be a jerk.
Ah.
And he doesn't care
who knows it. He's...
Did, uh...
Did Tommy ever tell you
about my painting?
No.
Look at this.
Ah. It's beautiful.
TOMMY: I like this one.
One dog goes one way,
and the other dog
goes the other way.
One is going east,
and the other one
is going west. So what?
TOMMY: And this guy's saying,
"Whatddya want from me?"
Guy's got a nice head
of white hair.
Look how beautiful with the dog.
It looks the same.
Looks like somebody we know.
[JIMMY AND TOMMY LAUGHING]
Ping, without the beard.
No, it's him.
Oh! [LAUGHING]
It's him! Oh!
Oh, Marone!
[THUMP]
What the fuck is that?
HENRY: For most of the guys,
killings got to be accepted.
Murder was the only way
that everybody stayed in line.
You got out of line,
you got whacked.
Everybody knew the rules.
But sometimes even if people
didn't get out of line,
they got whacked.
I mean, hits just became
a habit for some of the guys.
Guys would get into arguments
over nothing,
and before you knew it,
one of them was dead.
And they were shooting
each other all the time.
Shooting people was
a normal thing.
It was no big deal.
We had a--
We had a serious problem
with Billy Batts.
This was really
a touchy thing.
Tommy had killed
a made guy.
Batts was part
of the Gambino crew
and was considered untouchable.
Before you could touch
a made guy,
you had to have
a good reason.
You had to have a sit-down,
and you better get an okay,
or you'd be the one
who got whacked.
MAN: Hey, Frankie, how are you?
How you doing?
Good to see you. Vito.
Hey. How are ya, buddy?
Saturday night was for wives,
but Friday night at the copa
was always for the girlfriends.
[FRANKIE SPEAKING ITALIAN]
And last week
we saw Sammy Davis Jr.
You got to see this show.
What a performer.
He does these impersonations.
I swear, you would think
it was the real people.
Oh, it's unbelievable.
I mean, you could see how
a white girl can fall for him.
What?
Well, I mean, not me.
I'm just saying, like,
you could see how
some girls could, you know,
like that Swedish girl.
In other words,
you condone that stuff?
Take it easy.
Ha-ha-ha-ha!
-TOMMY: Henry--
-I know. I know. I know.
I don't wanna wind up kissing
fuckin' Nat King Cole over here.
No, I'm not talkin' about me.
I'm just sayin'-- No, I'm not--
You know, you can see
how a girl could.
He's got personality.
-Oh, of course. Yeah.
-Personality?
[SPEAKS ITALIAN]
A guy with personality.
He's very talented.
I understand perfectly
what you're saying,
but you have to watch out
sometimes how you say things.
You know, people get
the wrong impression.
I just said he was talented.
You know, he's unbelievable.
Why don't you just
leave it alone now?
I understand what you said.
You know, the guy's talented.
Leave it at that.
He's very talented.
♪ Pretend you don't see her,
my heart ♪
♪ Although she is coming
our way ♪
♪ Pretend you don't
need her, my heart ♪
♪ But smile
and pretend to be gay ♪
♪ It's too late for running,
my heart ♪
♪ Chin up if the tears
start to fall ♪
♪ Look somewhere above her ♪
♪ Pretend you don't love her ♪
♪ Pretend you don't
see her at all ♪
♪ Pretend you don't see her,
my heart ♪
♪ Although she is coming
our way ♪
♪ Pretend you don't see her,
my heart ♪
♪ But smile
and pretend to be gay ♪
Aww!
Hi, Paulie.
How are ya?
-No? Not even for Uncle Paulie?
-A little kiss?
♪ Chin up if the tears
start to fall ♪
♪ Look somewhere above her ♪
♪ Pretend you
don't love her... ♪
What do you hear
about that thing?
What thing?
That Brooklyn thing?
No, no. The guy from downtown.
The guy from near where
Christie used to live? That?
No.
The guy who disappeared
up the block from Christie.
-The one they made the beef on.
-Oh, yeah, yeah.
-You know the guy I mean?
-Yeah, yeah, I know.
Well, that's his name,
was Batts. His people
are driving everybody crazy
looking for him--
they should leave him
wherever the fuck he is.
Nobody knows
what happened to him.
Uh, he came into the joint
that one night,
and then he just disappeared.
That was it.
All right, keep your eyes open.
'Cause they're bustin' my balls
about this bastard, all right?
Okay.
-All right? Yeah?
-Yeah. Yeah.
Okay, everybody,
let's eat.
♪ Whatever happened to ♪
[OVERLAPPING CHATTER]
♪ The boy that I once knew ♪
♪ The boy who said
he'd be true? ♪
MORRIE:
Frankie, he owes me 200 bucks.
Henry. Henry. Henry. Henry!
WOMAN:
Janice, listen to this...
We got a real problem.
You know that thing
we took care of upstate?
Paulie was just
talkin' about that.
We gotta get it outta there.
-What?
-Yeah, we gotta
get it outta there.
They just sold the property,
and they wanna make it
into condominiums.
Jimmy, it's been six months.
I don't care how long it's been.
We gotta get it out right away.
♪ Remember walkin'
hand in hand ♪
♪ Remember ♪
♪ The night was so exciting ♪
[VOMITING]
TOMMY: Hey, Henry, Henry,
hurry up, will ya?
My mother's gonna make
some fresh peppers
and sausage for us.
-[JIMMY LAUGHING]
-[RETCHING]
JIMMY:
Oh, hey, Henry, Henry,
here's arms.
Very funny, guys.
Oh, here's a leg.
-Here's a wing.
-[BOTH LAUGHING]
What do you like,
the leg or the wing, Henry?
Or do you still go
for the old hearts and lungs?
Oh, that's so bad.
[COUGHS]
KAREN:
Ugh! Come on, girls. Come on.
Henry, what happened
to the car?
Oh, a bolt-- Ugh.
I hit a skunk, Karen, all right?
-Come on.
-Go with your mother.
Come on. Eww!
It's disgusting, Henry.
♪ You know I'm gonna
give it to you ♪
I set up Janice in an apartment
around the corner
from The Suite.
That way I was able to stay over
a couple nights a week.
See my new antique lamp.
Karen was home with the kids,
and she never asked
any questions anyway.
It's all Maurice Villencia.
It looks like Roma.
This is all silk.
This is from Siam.
Now come see my bedroom.
Tommy, take her.
Of course. I'm-a eat
this fuckin' dog.
♪ I love you, I love you ♪
Love that crystal ball, or what?
Now, this is where we spend
most of our time.
Nice.
Oh, I love the
floral arrangement.
[SNIFFS]
French. Hm.
Janice and I were having
so much fun,
she started screwing up
at work, and...
I had to straighten out
her boss a little bit.
Fuckin' Janice can do
whatever she wants to do!
-You got it? Got it?!
-I got it.
You better run to,
you understand?
Hang up once more,
and you're gonna deal with me.
[SQUEALS]
[GIGGLING]
WOMAN: Come on.
Get off of her.
You're an animal!
♪ 'Cause I love you ♪
♪ Baby, baby, baby, I love you ♪
♪ Ain't no doubt about it,
baby, I love you ♪
Hey, Spider,
on your way over here,
bring me a Cutty and water, huh?
MAN:
Did you guys eat?
MAN 2:
I'm starvin'.
I want some Chinese food.
-TOMMY: I'll play these.
-FRANKIE: What?
Did I fuckin' stutter?
I'll play these.
What am I, a mirage?
What?
What? Where's my fuckin' drink?
I asked you for a drink.
You wanted a drink?
I just asked you
for a fuckin' drink.
No, I thought--
I thought you said
that you were all right, Spider.
No, no, no, no, no.
What do you got me on,
a fuckin' pay-no-mind list, kid?
-You little fuckin' prick.
-No, I heard--
I thought I heard someone
say something, "Spider, Spider."
-Spider, Spider?
-I thought it was Henry.
You know you're
a fuckin' mumblin',
stuttering little fuck.
You know that?
I thought you said it w--
I was all right, Spider.
Well, you ain't all right,
Spider. You got a lotta
fuckin' problems.
No, I thought you said
you were all right, Spider.
I am all right!
You ain't all right,
you little fuckin' prick!
-That's what...
I thought-- I thought, um...
I thought, I thought.
You've been doin' this
all fuckin' night to me,
you motherfucker!
You want the drink now?
-I'll gi-- I'll bring it to you.
-Go get me a fuckin' drink.
Move it, you little prick!
You walk like fuckin'
Stepin Fetchit.
Everybody else,
you fuckin' run.
Run for me, ya prick. Dance!
Dance the fuckin' drink
back here. The little prick.
Hey, what's that movie
that Bogart made?
-Which one?
-The one where
he played a cowboy.
Oh, the-- The Oklahoma Kid?
-Shane?
-Oklahoma Kid-- Shane?
Oklahoma Kid, that's me!
I'm the Oklahoma Kid,
ya fuckin' varmint.
Dance! Dance!
Yahoo, ya motherfucker!
-Round up those fuckin' wagons!
-ALL: Whoa!
Come on, you mother--
Dance, you little prick.
Now he's movin'.
-FRANKIE: What happened?
-Tommy.
You got him in the foot, Tommy.
All right, so he got shot
in the foot.
What is it, a big fuckin' deal?
Vito, Vito, get a towel.
Nice fucking game.
Take him to Ben Casey,
the little prick.
Walk. Let him crawl there
like he crawls
for the fuckin' drinks.
Take him to the doctor
down the street.
Fuckin' prick.
SPIDER: It feels like its...
bones are all shattered.
Don't get me upset now.
Don't make a big
fucking thing out of it, Spider,
you little prick.
Tryin' to make me think
what the fuck I did here.
It's an accident. Fuck him.
Little fuckin' actor.
-He's a little prick.
-You in or not?
-Yeah, I'm in.
-Eight hundred.
Eight hundred?
KAREN: You haven't
been home in two weeks.
You're not
going out tonight.
Hey, hey, Karen,
will you grow up?!
Stop! I'm still gonna go out.
Not without
your car keys, you're not.
Are you nuts?
Are you fuckin' nuts?
-What's your problem?
-Yes, I'm nuts.
Something's going on.
Stop with that already.
-No.
-Enough! Stop with that.
No! I'm telling you,
I look in your face,
and I know that you're lying!
[SCREAMS]
-Get out!
-Shut up.
Get out! Get out of my life!
You're fucked up in the head,
Karen. This is all in your mind.
You're a lousy bastard.
You got a problem.
Go ahead.
Go to your ready-made whores!
That's all you're good for!
Get out of my life!
I can't stand you!
[HENRY YELLS]
Aah! Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Goodbye, Jimmy. Ha-ha-ha-ha!
JIMMY: Spider, what's your rush?
TOMMY: Your credit's
no fuckin' good in here.
-Fuckin' Drop-along Cassidy.
-Here you go.
Thank you, Spider.
Hey, Spider, that fuckin'
bandage on your foot
is bigger than your
fuckin' head, you know that?
Thank you, Jimmy.
Next thing you know,
he'll be coming in one
of these fuckin' walkers.
Even though you got that,
you could dance, huh?
Give us a little--
Give us a co-- a couple
of fuckin' steps here, Spider.
You fuckin' bullshitter, you.
Tell the truth.
You're lookin' for sympathy.
Is that it, sweetie?
Why don't you go
fuck yourself, Tommy?
ALL OFF-SCREEN:
Oh...
Oh!
[LAUGHTER]
Did I just fuckin' hear right?
Couldn't believe
what I just heard.
Hey, Spider, here.
Here, this is for you.
Attaboy.
I got respect for this kid.
He's got a lot
of fuckin' balls, this kid.
Good for you.
Don't take no shit off nobody.
He shoots him in the foot,
he tells him to go fuck himself.
Tommy, are you gonna
let him get away with that?
You gonna let this
fuckin' punk get away with that?
What's the matter with you?
What's the world comin' to?
That's what the
fuckin' world is comin' to.
How do you like that?
-How's that? All right?
-What's the fuckin'
matter with you?
What is the fuckin'
What, are you stupid or what?
Tommy. Tommy.
I'm kiddin' with you.
What the fuck are you doin'?
Are you a fuckin' sick maniac?
What do you mean you're kiddin'?
You're breakin'
my fuckin' balls?
I'm fucking kiddin' with you!
You fuckin' shoot the guy?
He's dead.
Good shot.
What do you want from me?
ANTHONY:
How could you miss
at this distance?
What, you got a problem
with what I did, Anthony?
No. Nope. Nope.
TOMMY:
Fuckin' rat anyway.
His whole family's all rats.
Would have grow up
to be a rat.
Stupid bastard.
I can't fuckin' believe you.
Now, you're gonna dig
the fuckin' thing up.
You're gonna dig the hole.
You're gonna do it.
I got no fuckin' lime.
Who the fuck cares?
I'll dig the fuckin' hole.
I don't give a fuck.
What is it,
the first hole I dug?
First time I dug a hole?
I'll dig a fuckin' hole.
You know, where are the shovels?
-[BUZZING]
-JANICE: Hello.
-KAREN: Hello?
-Hello.
This is Karen Hill.
I want to talk to you.
-[CLICK]
-Hello? Hello?
Don't hang up on me!
I want to talk to you.
You keep away
from my husband, you hear me?
Hello? Open the door.
Answer me!
I'm gonna tell everyone
who walks in this building
that in 2-R, Rossi,
you are nothing but a whore!
Is this the superintendent?
Yes, I want you to know, sir,
that you have a whore
living in 2-R.
[WHISPERING]
Shit.
Rossi.
Janice Rossi, do you hear me?
He's my husband.
Get your own goddamn man!
[WHISPERING]
Wake up, Henry.
[CLICKS]
Karen.
[SNIFFLES]
What are you doing?
Karen, what, are you crazy?
I am crazy.
I'm crazy enough
to kill the both of you.
Karen, take it easy.
-Okay?
-[NORMAL VOICE]
Do you love her?
Do you?
[SOBBING]
Karen.
I love you.
You know I love you.
-You don't.
-Karen...
-Shh, shh, shh, shh.
-No, you don't.
Karen, please be careful.
Just-- Baby, baby, don't--
Don't-- Shh.
KAREN: But still,
I couldn't hurt him.
How could I hurt him?
I couldn't even bring
myself to leave him.
The truth was that no matter
how bad I felt,
I was still very attracted
to him.
Why should I give him
to someone else?
Why should she win?
Karen...
just put it down.
You know I love you,
don't you?
You're all I want,
Karen.
Please put the gun down, Karen.
Baby...
come on.
[SOBBING]
Shh.
[SCREAMS]
What, are you
fuckin' crazy, Karen?
-Stop it!
-Are you crazy? Huh?
I got enough
to worry about gettin'
fuckin' whacked on the street?
-I'm sorry!
-I gotta fuckin' come home--
I gotta fucking
come home...for this?!
I should fuckin' kill you!
I'm sorry.
-How does it feel? Huh?
-I'm sorry.
-Huh? How does it feel, Karen?
[SOBS]
[CLATTER, GLASS BREAKS]
[DOOR CLOSES]
I'm sorry!
[SOBBING]
-[ECHOING] I'm sorry!
-Hey. Hey.
How you doing?
-Hi, Jimmy. How are ya?
-Hi. How you doing?
-Looking good.
-Thank you.
-Good to see you.
-Good seeing you.
-Hi, Paulie.
-Hi, honey.
-Mm.
-How are ya?
Good.
Why don't you go
get some cigarettes, okay?
Sure.
Does anybody need anything?
Nah, we're all right.
Do you want anything to drink?
-PAULIE: No, no. This--
-A beer?
Chinese food?
No. Come on, sit down.
Karen came to the house.
She's very upset.
This is no good.
You gotta straighten
this thing out.
We gotta have calm down.
You understand?
With her, we don't know
what the hell she's gonna do.
She's gettin' all hysterical.
-She gets very excited.
-She's wild.
And you, you gotta take it easy.
You got children.
I'm not saying you gotta
go back there this minute,
but you gotta go back.
I mean, it's the only way.
Gotta keep up appearances.
I got the two of them coming
to my house every day,
commiserating.
The two of them.
I can't have it.
You know? I just--
I can't do it, Henry.
You know? I-I-It's...
-I can't do it.
-Nobody says
that you can't do
what you wanna do.
Do what you wanna do.
We all know that. I mean...
This is what it is, okay?
We know what it is.
You have to do the right thing.
You have to go home
to the family, you understand?
You gotta go home, okay?
Look at me.
You gotta go home.
Smarten up.
-All right?
-Yeah.
All right.
I'm gonna talk to Karen.
I'll straighten this thing out.
I know just what to say to her.
Okay? I'm gonna tell her
you're gonna go back to her,
and everything's gonna be
just the way it was when
you were first married.
There's gonna be romance.
It's gonna be beautiful.
-[SCOFFS]
-I know how to talk
to her, especially to her.
In the meantime, Jimmy and Tommy
were going down to Tampa
this weekend to pick up
something for me.
Instead, you go with Jimmy.
Yeah, you come with me.
We'll go down there, okay?
PAULIE:
Have a good time.
Take some time for yourself.
Relax. Sit in the sun.
-Take a couple of days off.
-How about that?
Enjoy yourselves.
And when you come back,
you'll go back to Karen.
-Huh?
-HENRY: Okay.
Please. There's no other way.
You're not gonna get a divorce.
-We're not animale.
-Not gonna get a divorce.
She'll never divorce him.
She'll kill him,
but she won't divorce him.
-[CHUCKLING]
-PAULIE: Yeah. Yeah.
[GRUNTING]
You gonna pay it? Huh?
I ain't got it. I swear.
Huh? You gonna pay?
Just give us
the fuckin' money, huh?
I can't.
I-- I can't. I swear.
Let's go. Let's go.
Come on, we'll throw
the bastard to the lions.
No. No!
What fuckin' lions?
I ain't going near
any lions, Jimmy!
Just throw him over the moat.
No! I'll get it!
I'll get the money!
They must really feed each other
to the lions down there,
because the guy gave
the money right up.
I swear to Christ
I'll get the money.
And we got to spend the rest
of the weekend at the track.
Yeah. They mean business.
Then I couldn't believe
what happened.
When we got home,
we were all over the newspaper.
At first, I didn't even know
why we got picked up.
Then I found out
that the guy we roughed up
turned out to have a sister
working as a typist
for the FBI.
Who could believe it?
Of all the fucking people!
She gave up everybody--
Jimmy, me, even her brother.
TYPIST [CRYING]:
He's friends of him.
HENRY:
Took the jury six hours
to bring us in guilty.
Judge gave Jimmy and me 10 years
like he was giving away candy.
...10 years
in a federal penitentiary.
You will now be turned over
to the United States
Attorney General's office.
[GAVEL BANGS]
MORRIE:
Well, sweet Henry.
Toast, guys.
Good trip, good life.
Get out soon.
Good trip, sweetheart.
Salute, Henry
All the best.
We'll watch the home front
for you.
[SPEAKS ITALIAN]
Say hello to those
blow-job hacks, huh?
TOMMY:
Don't forget-- motherfuck them
every chance you get, huh?
[LAUGHTER]
HENRY:
I'll call you, uh,
when I get a chance.
[CAR DOOR OPENS]
[CLOSES]
Now take me to jail.
In prison,
dinner was always a big thing.
We had a pasta course,
and then we had
a meat or a fish.
Paulie did the prep work.
He was doing a year
for contempt,
and he had this wonderful system
for doing the garlic.
He used a razor,
and he used to slice it so thin
that it used to liquefy in
the pan with just a little oil.
It was a very good system.
Vinnie was in charge
of the tomato sauce.
Ah! Get that smell?
Got three, uh, kinds of meat
in the meatballs.
You got veal, beef, and pork.
MAN: Ah, good.
But you gotta have the pork.
Oh, that's-- That's--
That's the flavor.
I-- I felt he used
too many onions,
but it was still
a very good sauce.
Vinnie, don't put too many
onions in the sauce.
VINNIE: I didn't put
too much onions in, Paul.
Three small onions.
That's all I did.
MAN: Three onions? How many cans
of tomatoes you put in there?
VINNIE:
I put two cans.
-Two big cans.
-MAN: You don't need
three onions.
Johnny Dio did the meat.
We didn't have a broiler,
so Johnny did
everything in pans.
It used to smell up
the joint something awful,
and the hacks used to die,
but he still cooked
a great steak.
Vinnie, how do
you like yours?
Rare. Medium rare.
Medium rare?
Hmm, an aristocrat.
See, you know,
when you think of prison...
Here's your lobsters.
...you get pictures in your mind
of all those old movies
with rows and rows
of guys behind bars.
But it wasn't like that
for wiseguys.
It really wasn't that bad,
excepting that I missed Jimmy.
He was doing his time
in Atlanta.
DIO: Vinnie, give me
two steaks while you're
in there, all right?
I mean, everybody else in
the joint was doing real time,
all mixed together,
living like pigs.
But we lived alone.
I mean, we owned the joint.
DIO: ...baseball-batted
them two son of a bitches
till you couldn't recognize 'em.
Good. They deserved it.
Even the hacks we couldn't bribe
would never rat
on the guys that we did.
People in the
neighborhood had respect.
People loved one another.
You left your doors open.
Sorry it took so long.
That skinny guard's getting
to be a real pain in the ass.
We're gonna have to do
something about that bastard.
I took care of him.
All right, what'd you bring?
All right, uh... Bread.
Good. Fresh.
HENRY: Vinnie, I got
your peppers and onions.
Salami, prosciutto,
a lot of cheese.
Come on, come on.
What else?
-Scotch.
-PAULIE: Nice.
Here's some red wine.
Okay. Now we can eat.
-Wait, I got some white too.
-Give me the white too.
Beautiful.
Okay, boys, let's eat.
Come on.
It's ready, Vinnie.
Here's some more bread.
Tomorrow we eat sandwiches.
You gotta go on a diet, Vinnie.
-You ain't kidding.
-Believe me.
Johnny?
PAULIE: Read 'em and weep.
[PAULIE LAUGHING]
What are you doing?
Yeah, I'll take that.
Tryin' to lose?
All right,
I'll catch you guys later.
Here. You going
for a walk in the park?
Okay. I'll catch
you next week.
-Thanks, Henry.
-Thanks. All right.
Are there any more?
Nope, that's it.
-Have a good weekend. Thanks.
-Thank you, Henry.
[DOOR BUZZER SOUNDING]
Ms. Hill, come here.
Come on.
You girls stay right here.
-I want you to hold hands.
-Go up to the front of the door.
Together. Let's go.
-How you doing?
-Good. How are you?
Very well, thank you.
What are you talkin' about?
I saw her name
in the register.
-Jesus Christ.
-You want her to visit you?
Let her stay up all night crying
and writing letters
to the parole board.
What am I doin' here?
Where am I? I'm in jail.
I can't stop people
from comin' to see me.
Good. Let her sneak this stuff
in for you every week.
-Let her fight with
these bastards every week!
-Look what you're doing!
-[RUTH CRYING]
Stop it!
-Shh.
-I'm sorry.
Let her sneak this shit
in for you, Henry.
Let her sneak
this shit in for you.
Stop it, Karen!
Will you stop it?
Let her do it.
-Let her do it!
-Stop it!
[RUTH CRYING]
Shh. Shh. Shh.
Ruth. Ruth, Ruth, come here.
-Shh.
-Nobody's helping me.
I'm all alone.
Belle and Morrie are broke.
I asked your friend Remo
for the money that he owes you.
You know what he told me?
He told me to take my kids
down to the police station
and get on welfare.
Karen, it's gonna be okay.
Even Paulie, since he got out,
I never see him.
I never see anybody anymore.
It's only you and me.
That's what happens
when you go away.
I've told you that.
We're on our own.
Forget everybody else.
Forget Paulie.
Okay? As long as he's on parole,
he doesn't want anybody
doing anything.
Shh, shh, shh,
shh, shh, shh.
I can't do it.
Yes, you can, Karen.
Listen to me.
All I need for you is
to keep bringing me this stuff.
I got a guy in here
from Pittsburgh
who's gonna help me move it.
Believe me, in a month,
we're gonna be fine.
We won't need anybody.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid
if Paulie finds out.
What'd I just say?
Don't worry about him.
He is not helping us out.
Is he putting any food
on the table?
We've gotta help each other.
We just gotta--
Listen, we gotta be really,
really careful while we do it.
I don't wanna hear a word
about her anymore, Henry.
Never.
GIRLS:
Daddy!
-JUDY: Oh, we missed you.
-RUTH: Are you here to stay?
JUDY: Did you see our pictures?
I did the one with the house
and the rainbow.
RUTH: I did the sun.
My chorus concert
is in two weeks.
Are you coming?
You like the house?
Karen, get packed.
We're moving out of here.
With what?
Don't worry with what.
You just start looking
for a new house, okay?
I gotta go to Pittsburgh
in the morning.
Those guys out there,
they owe me 15 grand.
We'll be all right.
I got things lined up.
Pittsburgh? You have to go see
your parole officer tomorrow.
Karen, don't worry about it.
Everything's gonna be fine.
Who wants to go
to Uncle Paulie's?
BOTH: Me!
-HENRY: Hungry?
-Yeah!
PAULIE:
You know, he's an arrogant guy.
He didn't do the right thing.
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
What? What do you want?
WOMAN: Sweetheart,
let Mommy eat, huh?
You look good.
You eat good.
Did we eat this good
in the joint?
I don't want any more
of that shit.
What shit?
What are you talking about?
Just stay away from the garbage.
You know what I mean.
What? Paulie--
I'm not talking about
what you did inside.
You did what you had to do.
I'm talking about now.
From now, here and now.
Paulie, why would I want
to get into that?
Don't make a jerk out of me.
Just don't do it.
Now, I wanna talk
to you about Jimmy.
You gotta watch out for him.
He's a good earner,
but he's wild,
takes too many chances.
-No, I know that. I know Jimmy.
You think I would
take chances like Jimmy?
And Tommy,
he's a good kid too.
But he's crazy. He's a cowboy.
He's got too much to prove.
You gotta watch out
for kids like this.
Yeah, I know what
they are. I only use them
for certain things.
Listen, I ain't gonna get fucked
like Gribbs, you understand?
Gribbs is 70 years old,
and the fuckin' guy's
gonna die in prison.
I don't need that.
So I'm warnin' everybody.
Everybody-- could be my son,
could be anybody.
Gribbs got 20 years
just for saying hello
to some fuck who was sneaking
behind his back sellin' junk.
I don't need that.
Ain't gonna happen to me.
You understand?
Uh-huh.
You know that you're only out
early 'cause I got you a job,
I don't need this heat.
Understand that?
And you see anybody fuckin'
around with this shit,
you're gonna tell me, right?
-Yeah.
That means anybody.
-All right. Yeah.
-Yeah?
Yeah, of course.
♪ Rape, murder ♪
♪ It's just a shot away ♪
♪ It's just
a shot away ♪
It took me about a week
of sneaking around
before I could unload
the Pittsburgh stuff,
but when I did,
it was a real score.
I-- I started using
Sandy's place to mix the stuff,
and even with Sandy
snorting more than she mixed,
I could see that this
was a really good business.
I made $12,000
on my second week.
I had a down payment
on my house,
and things were really rolling.
All I had to do
was every once in a while
was tell Sandy
that I loved her.
♪ Ooh, a storm
is threatening... ♪
But it was perfect.
I'm telling you,
as long as I kept getting
this stuff from Pittsburgh,
I knew Paulie
would never find out.
Within a couple of weeks,
it got to be so big,
I needed some help.
So I got Jimmy and Tommy
to come in with me.
Nice.
It's fucking great.
What nice?
Mr. Conway.
How are you? How ya doin'?
-Bring your pay stubs?
-Yeah.
♪ I tell you, love... ♪
KAREN:
Four and a half months of dirt.
-It's so good.
-I did it.
[LAUGHS]
Do you love it?
Oh, it's wonderful.
And this we just had
to have made special.
Go ahead,
sit in it, Belle.
-Ooh.
-The others, you couldn't
even sit in them.
Okay, you ready?
Watch the wall with the rock.
♪ You needn't try any more ♪
♪ For wives should always
be lovers too ♪
BELLE:
Karen, that is so...
KAREN: The electricians
did it special. Come on.
Come on.
-All right.
-This was imported.
In came in two pieces.
Can you believe
what they can do?
-See? It's nice, huh?
-Henry, come over here.
-Did you and Jimmy talk?
-Yeah. I talked to him,
and he's looking
into everything.
This'll make the Air France haul
look like goddamn peanuts.
Shh. Morrie, come on.
But it's okay?
He's gonna do it, right?
I just told you.
He's gonna check everything out.
He's looking into it,
and we'll see what happens.
-No promises.
-Yeah, I know. I know. I know.
Do you understand?
There's millions in there,
and I've been bleeding
for this caper.
I've been cultivating
this son of a bitch
for two years.
He owes me 20 grand.
Once in a lifetime.
I could retire.
No more nut every week.
No more bullshit.
Oh, my dream comes true.
Morrie, let's get a drink.
-Okay.
-Come on.
And these were the guys
that Jimmy put together
for what turned out
to be the biggest heist
in American history:
the Lufthansa heist.
Tommy and Carbone were
gonna grab the outside guard
and make him get us
in the front door.
Frenchy and Joe Buddha
had to round up the workers.
Johnny Roastbeef had
to keep them all tied up
and away from the alarms.
This is a lock.
Even Stacks Edwards
got in on it.
He used to hang around
the lounge and play guitar.
Everybody loved Stacks.
What he was supposed to do
was steal the panel truck
and afterwards compact it by
a friend of ours out in Jersey.
Only Morrie was driving us nuts.
Morrie, have a drink
and shut up.
Just because he set this up,
he felt he could bust
Jimmy's balls
for an advance on the money
we were gonna steal.
He didn't mean anything by it.
That-- That's just...
That's just the way he was.
Just watch the game.
♪ I'm a flea-bit peanut monkey ♪
♪ All my friends are junkies ♪
I had everybody working for me,
even our old babysitter
Lois Byrd.
Did you have a good flight?
I hate Pittsburgh.
Where do you find such creeps?
Oh, come on.
They're not that bad.
And it's worth it, isn't it?
Is this the same baby
you used last week?
No. That one was my sister's.
This is Deirdra's.
Ooh, big yawn.
She looks
just like you, Lois.
Whoa. That's what
the stewardess said.
Yeah.
[BOTH LAUGHING]
♪ Well, I hope
we're not too messianic ♪
♪ Or a trifle too satanic ♪
♪ We love to play
the blues ♪
Take it easy, Sandy.
Come on, Henry.
Give me a break.
We got enough here
to go around.
We got all day.
Just make it last, all right?
Take it easy.
-Hey.
-I gotta go.
-Where you going?
-Come on. Don't start.
I gotta go do this thing.
Fuck! Where are my keys?
Right over there.
It's a mess.
It's like a pigpen.
What do you think I got
you the dishwasher for?
I hate doing dishes.
It fucks with my nails.
I don't care if you hate
doing the dishes!
You gotta be smart.
Look at all
this powder around here.
It's enough to put
us away forever.
Henry, loosen up.
-Whoa, what are you doing?
-Oh, come on.
I gotta-- I gotta go.
No, you don't have
to go anywhere.
Make 'em wait.
[NEWS THEME PLAYS ON RADIO]
ANNOUNCER [ON RADIO]:
Nobody knows for sure
just how much was taken
in the daring predawn raid
at the Lufthansa cargo terminal
at Kennedy Airport.
The FBI says $2 million.
Port Authority Police
say $4 million.
-The city cops say 5...
-[SCREAMING]
[LAUGHING]
Jimmy!
Those son of a bitches!
...be there to cover it live
from the scene
of the heist at JFK.
It looks like a big one,
maybe the biggest
this town has ever seen.
Ohhh, Jimmy!
Hey, come here, you! Come here!
Look at this genius.
This genius!
♪ Frosty the snowman ♪
♪ Was a happy, jolly soul ♪
Merry Christmas.
-Merry Christmas, Henry.
-Hey.
-Merry Christmas, Jimmy.
-How you doin', huh?
How are you doing?
-Hello. Who's this?
-Jimmy, this is my wife.
Come here.
Let me show you something.
Jimmy, come here.
Isn't she gorgeous?
I bought it for my wife.
It's a coupe.
I love that car.
Listen to me.
What did I tell you before?
I talked to you before,
didn't I?
Didn't I say
what was goin' on?
Didn't I say not
to go buy anything for a while?
-Yeah, but--
-You got a fucking car?
It's a wedding gift, Jimmy.
It's from my mother.
It's under her name.
I just got married.
I love that car.
Excuse me, darling.
Wait just a second.
I just got married.
Johnny, are you--
Are you nuts?
What are you getting
excited for, Jimmy?
What am I getting excited for?
Are you stupid?
We got a million
fuckin' bulls out there,
everybody's watchin' us,
and you get a fucking car.
-And you're
telling me I'm excited?
-It's under my mother's name.
-It's a wedding gift.
-I don't give a fuck
whose name it's under.
Are you stupid or what?
Did you hear what I said?
Don't buy anything.
Don't get anything.
Nothin' big.
Didn't you hear what I said?
What's the matter with you?
What are you getting
excited for, Jimmy?
Because you're gonna get us
all fucking pinched, that's why.
What are you, stupid?
-What's the matter with you?
-I apologize.
What's the matter with you?
-I'm sorry, Jimmy.
-The fuck is the matter
with you?
It's...
I'm sorry, Jimmy.
It's... It's under
my mother's name.
What'd you say?
Are you being a fuckin'
wise guy with me? Huh?
-I'm sorry. I apologize.
-What did I tell you?
What did I tell you?
-I'm sorry.
You don't buy anything,
you hear me?
Don't buy anything!
I'm sorry, Jimmy.
That fat fuck.
He ought to wear a sign.
Hello, Henry.
I can't believe this.
What are you, stupid or what?
Excuse me. Excuse me.
-What's the matter?
-Take it off. Take it off.
Why? What-- What's the matter?
Take it off. Take it off!
What's the matter?
Didn't I tell you
not to get anything big?
not to attract attention?
In two days, one guy
gets a fuckin' Caddy,
the other one gets
a $20,000 mink.
-Bring it back.
-All right. I'll bring it back.
I don't care
what you do with it.
Bring it where
you got it before.
I don't care. You understand?
Get it outta here!
[SPEAKING ITALIAN]
Shut the fuck up, and let's go.
This drink here
is better than sex, babe.
I'm gonna go see Stacks.
Don't you look at anybody.
Look straight ahead,
or I'll fuckin' kill you.
He's so jealous.
I mean, if I even
look at anyone else,
he'll kill me.
-That's great.
JIMMY: Believe them?
I tell 'em all to relax,
don't attract attention.
The next morning,
what do they do?
Hey, guys, I've been looking
all over for you.
Jimmy, Henry, how are you?
Merry Christmas.
Hey, listen, I need the money.
Hey, Morrie, relax. Relax, okay?
-Jimmy, I need the money.
-It's Christmas. Relax.
I'm relaxing. I need the money.
I did what I had to do.
I need the money.
Not tonight, Morrie.
Listen, I did my caper.
He owes me.
I mean, everybody's
flashing their stuff here.
Evidently they got their money.
I'm wearing the same old shit.
They're wearing it.
I gotta talk to him.
Jimmy. Jimmy! Jimmy!
Morrie, Morrie, Morrie, come on.
No, listen.
I got 500 grand coming to me.
It's the biggest fucking bundle
he ever made in his life.
-Morrie, I'll go talk to him.
-I want my money.
-Go have a drink, all right?
-It's poison in my eyes.
Poison in my eyes.
Morris, baby,
are you all right?
-No, I'm not.
-Come on. Sit.
Jimmy?
Aha.
For Christmas. Your share.
-Just a little taste.
-Ha-ha, Jimmy.
We did it. We did it.
We did it.
-[KNOCKING] Hey, Jimmy.
-Yeah.
Jimmy?
Yeah, yeah. Who is it?
It's me.
-Pete? Yeah, one second.
-Yeah.
All right.
Don't do what Frankie
and Johnny did.
Don't be a moron with the money.
Do what's right, you understand?
Yeah, of course.
Karen, Judy, Ruth, come here!
I got the most
expensive tree they had!
What do you think, Mommy?
I love 'em.
I love them all.
I love the gold outfit.
-Merry Christmas.
-Thank you.
-What? And?
And?
-Happy Hanukkah.
-Ha-ha-ha!
-Very funny.
-Get yourself
something nice, okay?
Okay.
♪ For you, yes, you and me ♪
Lufthansa should have been
our ultimate score,
the heist of a lifetime.
Six million in cash.
More than enough to go around.
[KNOCKING ON DOOR]
[KNOCKING]
TOMMY: Yo, Stacks! Open up!
What the fuck
are you doin' in there?
-Fuckin' drink yourself
fuckin' to death. Come on!
-Yeah, yeah, yeah.
-Oh, hey, guys.
-What is it with you, huh?
Aw, this fuckin' guy
ain't ready.
I knew you weren't
gonna be ready.
Fuck. You don't bring coffee?
What do I look like,
a fuckin' caterer?
Come on. Frankie'll make coffee.
Go ahead, Frankie. Make coffee.
[FRANKIE SPEAKING ITALIAN]
I thought you had
one of your bitches in here.
Yeah, I did.
Where the fuck is she?
[CHUCKLES]
You always got these
hot books around, though,
or a chick or something.
What time is it?
It's 11:30. We were supposed
to be there by 9:00.
Shit, I'll be ready
in just a minute.
Yeah, you're always
fuckin' late.
You were late for
your own fuckin' funeral.
[THREE GUNSHOTS]
What the fuck you lookin' at?
Come on, make that coffee
to go. Let's go.
[FRANKIE SPEAKING ITALIAN]
What the fuck you doin'?
It's a joke. A joke.
Put the fuckin' pot down.
You ain't gotta take the coffee.
♪ The love bells shall ♪
♪ Ring out, yes, ring out ♪
♪ For you, yes, you and me ♪
Stacks was always crazy.
Instead of getting rid
of the truck
like he was supposed to,
he got stoned,
went to his girlfriend's,
and by the time he woke up,
the cops had found the truck.
It was all over
the television.
They even said they came up
with prints off the wheel.
It was just a matter of time
before they got to Stacks.
♪ Ah, hear they... ♪
How you doing?
I gotta talk to you.
Have a drink.
Have a drink. Come on.
Bring 'em all a drink.
What you doing?
It's an occasion. Have a drink.
I-- I still--
I still gotta talk to you.
What? What? What? What?
What happened with Stacks?
Is everything okay?
Nah, don't worry about that.
It's all right.
-Jimmy, there's feds
all over the place.
-It's all right.
Where they gonna go?
-It's, uh-- uh, in the papers.
-He's worried.
What--?
What are you worried about?
I don't know. It's--
The television, the newspapers.
-All this shit's out there.
-What are you worried about?
You worry too much.
Everything is beautiful.
There's nothing to worry about.
-Didn't you tell him?
-Nah, I didn't tell him yet.
-What?
-Guess what.
They're gonna make him.
Paulie's gonna make you?
Tommy!
They opened up
the books.
Paulie got the okay.
You believe that?
This little guinea bastard.
Huh? Huh? He's gonna get made.
We're gonna work
for this guy one day.
He's gonna be a boss.
Tommy!
-I can't believe it.
-[BOTH LAUGHING]
I'm really happy for you.
That's great. Congratulations.
Motherfuckers. We got 'em now.
Hey, Jimmy. I've been looking
all over for you, baby.
-Jimmy, can I talk
to you a second, hey?
-Morrie, Morrie, Morrie, don't.
I mastermind the goddamn thing.
I'm left with zip.
-Morrie--
-They'd be up a creek
without a paddle if not for me.
Fuck him! I want my money.
Henry, I want my fuckin' money!
I had it up to here!
-All right.
-That cheap,
cigarette-hijacking--
-Morrie! Shh.
-No, fuck him! I want my money!
Good. Go tell him.
Now are you gonna keep
your mouth shut or what?
Huh?
Morrie, you're gonna
get your money.
You just gotta stop
bustin' balls.
All right? Look at me.
You hear me?
Look-- Look at me, okay?
Everything's gonna be fine.
Henry.
What?
♪ Oh, Henry boy ♪
-Oh, Morrie.
-♪ The pipes, the pipes ♪
♪ Are calling ♪
You sweetheart,
half-Mick, half-guinea.
-Morrie--
-I'll sing with
an Italian accent.
♪ And down the glen
and down the mountainside ♪
♪ Voi-voi-voi-voi ♪
♪ The summer's gone,
and all the rose's die ♪
[CREAM'S "SUNSHINE
OF YOUR LOVE" PLAYING]
♪ It's getting near dawn ♪
♪ When lights close
their tired eyes ♪
I could see for the first time
that Jimmy was a nervous wreck.
His mind was going
in eight different
directions at once.
You think Morrie tells
his wife everything?
Morrie? Him?
That's when I knew Jimmy
was gonna whack Morrie.
That's how it happens.
That's how fast it takes
for a guy to get whacked.
You know him. He's a nutjob.
He talks to everybody.
You see his commercials,
acting like a jerk.
Nobody listens
to what he says.
Nobody fucking cares
what he says,
he talks so much.
Make sure you bring
him here tonight.
-Okay?
-All right.
♪ In the sunshine of your love ♪
Start like this. Oh, sorry.
Did I get you
in the eye?
Morrie, stop breakin'
my balls, all right?
I was just stalling for time.
I knew I still had
till eight- or nine o'clock
to talk Jimmy
out of killing Morrie.
But meanwhile,
as far as Jimmy knew,
I was going along
with the program.
TOMMY: I pulled his hair
out of his fuckin' head.
I bit him. I'm fucking--
I'm fucking-- I'm enraged.
I wanted to kill
this little fuck.
I walk away. We start
to go in the fuckin' joint.
All of a sudden,
I don't wanna turn around.
Jimmy's going like this to me.
I don't want to
fuckin' turn around.
I don't wanna turn around.
He picks up his fuckin' head.
He says, "Aghh! Aghh!"
I said, "Don't say it."
[LAUGHTER]
"Ah-- Ah-- Ah-- Ah...
jerk-off!"
TOMMY: What are you gonna do?
What are you gonna do?
I fuckin' fly at him.
I got him, and I'm
fuckin' banging his head.
I banged his fuckin' face.
I'm pullin' hair
out of his head.
I beat him to a fuckin' pulp.
To a fuckin' pulp I beat him.
He's laying there
full of fuckin' blood.
I'm out of breath...
Forget about tonight.
TOMMY:
He's laughin' at me...
It was like a load off my mind.
Poor bastard.
He never knew how close
he'd come to getting killed.
Even if I told him,
he would've never believed me.
MORRIE:
Jimmy, could I talk to you now?
Son of a bitch.
You know you're a pisser?
-Yeah.
-You're a real pisser.
-You wanna talk now?
-Please.
Okay, let's talk.
Let's get it over with.
I swear to God,
I never known a ball-buster
like you my whole life.
Hey, who loves you
more than I do, huh?
-I'd do anything for you.
-Yeah, except to stop
busting my balls.
Come on, let's go have coffee.
You want to go
to the diner or what?
We'll go to the diner
over there on the boulevard.
-MORRIE: Oh, good.
-JIMMY: Which diner?
On Rockaway Boulevard.
It's open 24 hours, so...
-They got Danish there?
-Yeah, they got everything.
Oh, good. Let's pick up
some Danish for Belle.
You hear about the points
we were shaving up in Boston?
-No, I didn't.
-Oh, it was terrific. Yeah.
Nunzio up in the--
[GRUNTS]
[GRUNTING]
Thought he'd never
shut the fuck up.
Ah, pain in the ass.
TOMMY:
What do you wanna do with him?
Get rid of him. Chop him up
and get rid of the car.
-Call me when you get through.
-All right.
All right, Frankie,
let's chop him up.
All right. Let's go.
Where you going,
you dizzy motherfucker, you?
I thought you said
to chop him up.
At Charlie's, not here!
Where the fuck are you
gonna chop him here?
[MUTTERING IN ITALIAN]
Come on! What are you doing?
Get the fuck outta here!
I got a better shot
letting him fuckin' drive.
-What are you waitin' for?
-The car's cold.
[SPEAKING ITALIAN]
Get the fuck outta here!
What-- Fuckin' warm it up?
Get outta here!
-[KNOCKING ON DOOR]
-Who is it?
KAREN: It's Belle.
It's Belle. Open up.
BELLE: It's Belle.
Let me in. Oh, please.
Morris didn't come home.
He's missing.
I-- I know something's happened.
HENRY: Belle, calm down. What?
He's missing.
I know something happened.
He's probably drunk
and fell asleep somewhere.
I'll look for him
in the morning.
In 27 years he's never been away
all night without calling.
I know something's happened.
I know you know.
Belle, Belle, let me go
upstairs and get changed.
I'll take you home,
and then I'll look for him.
BELLE: Take me home?
I've been home.
I've been on the phone.
I've been calling--
KAREN:
He's in a card game.
So what the fuck
you want me to tell Belle?
Who gives a fuck?
Tell her-- Tell her, uh...
Tell her he ran off
with some broad.
What do you care about her?
-Watch this.
-Nah, don't fuck with them.
I do it all the time.
I bust their fuckin' balls.
Don't give them
the satisfaction, the fucks.
Come on, fuckos.
Let's go for a ride.
[LAUGHING]
Keep 'em up all night.
-All right. I'll see you later.
-See you later.
[TIRES SCREECHING]
[ERIC CLAPTON'S "LAYLA" PLAYING]
Jimmy was cutting every link
between himself and the robbery,
but it had nothing
to do with me.
I gave Jimmy the tip,
and he gave me
some Christmas money.
From then on I kept
my mouth shut.
I knew Jimmy. He had the cash.
It was his.
I know he kicked
some money upstairs to Paulie,
but that was it.
It made him sick to have
to turn money over
to the guys who stole it.
He'd rather whack 'em.
Anyway, what did I care?
I wasn't asking for anything,
and besides, Jimmy was making
nice money with me
through my
Pittsburgh connections.
Still, months after the robbery,
they were finding
bodies all over.
[CAMERA SHUTTERS CLICKS]
When they found Carbone
in the meat truck,
he was frozen so stiff,
it took them two days
to thaw him out
for the autopsy.
[LAUGHING]
Still, I never saw Jimmy
so happy.
He was like a kid.
We had money coming in
through my Pittsburgh people,
and even after a while,
the Lufthansa thing
began to calm down.
But the thing that made Jimmy
so happy that morning
was that this was the day
that Tommy was being made.
Jimmy was so excited,
you'd think he was being made.
He must have made four calls
to Tommy's house.
They had a signal all set up
so he'd know that the minute
that the ceremony was over.
Ma. Ma, where are you?
Oh, here I am.
-You're home?
-Home? I'm leavin'.
I've been here
all the while.
-Let me look at you.
-What do you think? I look good?
You look wonderful.
Listen, just be careful.
Congratulations.
I wish you lots of luck.
I love you.
Don't paint any more
religious pictures, please.
Be careful. God be with you.
Bye, Ma.
You know, we always
called each other goodfellas.
Like you'd say to somebody,
"You're gonna like this guy.
He's all right.
He's a good fella.
He's one of us."
You understand?
We were goodfellas, wiseguys.
Better call him.
But Jimmy and I
could never be made
because we had Irish blood.
It didn't even matter
that my mother was Sicilian.
To become a member
of a crew,
you've got to be
100 percent Italian
so they can trace
all your relatives
back to the old country.
See, it's the highest honor
they can give you.
It means you belong
to a family and a crew.
It means that nobody
can fuck around with you.
It also means
you can fuck around with anybody
just as long as they
aren't also a member.
It's like a license to steal.
It's a license to do anything.
VINNIE:
Buona Fortuna, Tommy.
All right, thanks, Vinnie.
Hey, how many years ago
was it you was made?
Ahh, I'm an old-timer--
30 years ago.
Thirty years, huh?
Brings back a lot of memories.
And how.
Pikes Peak was a fucking
pimple then, wasn't it?
[BOTH LAUGH]
As far as Jimmy was concerned,
with Tommy being made,
it was like we were
all being made.
We would now have
one of our own as a member.
Oh, no.
-Yeah.
-VINNIE: Yeah.
-Who's this?
-This is Vinnie.
Vinnie, what happened?
Did everything
get straightened out?
No, we had a problem, and, uh,
we tried to do
everything we could.
-What do you mean?
-Well, you know what I mean.
He's gone, and we couldn't
do nothing about it.
That's it.
What do you mean?
What do you mean? Uh...
He's gone.
And that's it.
Motherfucker!
I can't fuckin' believe--
I knew it.
I can't fuckin' believe it.
I can't fucking--
[CRYING]
The fuck--
-What happened?
-They whacked him.
-They fuckin' whacked him.
-Oh, fuck.
Mother--
Motherfuck--
Motherfucker!
[TELEPHONE BOOTH CRASHES]
[HORN BLARING IN DISTANCE]
[CRYING]
You all right?
HENRY: It was revenge
for Billy Batts...
and a lot of other things.
And that's that.
There was nothing
that we could do about it.
Batts was a made man,
and Tommy wasn't.
We had to sit still
and take it.
It was among the Italians.
It was real greaseball shit.
[SOBBING]
They even shot Tommy in the face
so his mother couldn't give him
an open coffin at the funeral.
[HELICOPTER]
♪ You can climb a mountain ♪
♪ You can swim the sea ♪
I was gonna be busy all day.
I had to drop off
some guns at Jimmy's
to match some silencers
he had gotten,
I had to pick up
my brother at the hospital
and drive him back to the house
for dinner that night,
and then I had to pick up
some new Pittsburgh stuff
for Lois to fly down
to some customers
I had near Atlanta.
♪ Whoa ♪
♪ We can make each other happy ♪
Right away I knew
he didn't want them,
and I knew I was gonna
get stuck for the money.
I only bought the damn guns
because he wanted them,
and now he didn't want them.
What the fuck
good are these things?
None of them fit.
What's the matter with you?
You want me
to pay for this shit?
I'm not paying for it.
I didn't say a thing.
Jimmy was so pissed off,
he didn't even say goodbye.
Stop with those fuckin' drugs.
They're making
your mind into mush.
You hear me?
I'll take 'em back.
Now, I knew my Pittsburgh guys
always wanted guns,
and since I was gonna see them
later in the afternoon
to pick up a delivery,
I was pretty sure
I'd get my money back.
♪ I want it, I want it,
I want it, I want it ♪
[TIRES SCREECHING]
Oh, my God.
When I finally got there
at the hospital
to pick up Michael,
his doctor wanted
to put me in bed.
Jesus Christ,
what happened to you?
W-- Uh, nothing. I just
almost got into an accident
right now driving over here.
I told him about the accident,
and I said I was
partying all night.
-No, I'm fine, doc.
-Come on, get over here.
-Doc, I'm fine.
-Let me check you out.
Come on.
♪ You can shake me up ♪
He took mercy on me.
He gave me ten milligrams
of Valium and sent me home.
Now, my plan was to drop off
my brother at the house
and pick up Karen.
Bunch of stuff I gotta do...
HENRY:
There it is. See that, Michael?
See that helicopter?
-See it right there?
-Where?
-Right in front of us there.
-Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I think it's been
following me all morning.
Get the fuck outta here.
What are you, nuts?
I'm telling you.
I don't know
what's going on.
It's the third
time I've seen it.
I went to the hospital,
I saw it out to get you,
I had to stop somewhere,
make some couple stops.
I've seen it every time.
I've been all over town,
and I think I've seen
it all day.
See, I was cooking
dinner that night.
I had to start braising
the beef, pork butt,
and veal shanks
for the tomato sauce.
MICHAEL:
Karen, I'm gonna make 'em all.
I'm gonna make all this meat.
It was Michael's favorite.
I was making ziti
with the meat gravy,
and I'm planning to roast
some peppers over the flames,
and I was gonna put on
some string beans
with some olive oil and garlic,
and I had some beautiful cutlets
that were cut just right
that I was gonna fry up before
dinner just as an appetizer.
All right, so I was home
for about an hour.
Now, my plan was
to start the dinner early
so Karen and I could unload
the guns that Jimmy didn't want
and then get the package
for Lois to take to Atlanta
for her trip later that night.
Who's been carving
their initials in the tomatoes?
Now, I kept looking
out the window,
and I saw that
the helicopter was gone.
Michael, keep an eye
on the sauce, all right?
Just stay here with your
Uncle Michael, all right?
I'll see you later.
So I asked my brother Michael
to watch the sauce,
and Karen and I started out.
Oh, God.
Oh, God, I see it.
-What?
-I see it. Look left.
It's right there.
Damn!
-HENRY: Yep, that's it.
-There it is.
Come on, we gotta get--
We gotta get to your mother's.
See? I told you.
It's funny, okay? It's funny.
It's not the end
of the world.
Just-- We're going
to your mother's.
♪ I'm a monkey ♪
♪ I'm a monkey man ♪
♪ I'm a monkey... ♪
Karen?
Go inside
and tell your mother
not to touch anything outside
the house-- nothing, all right?
You couldn't have gone
to your mother's house.
You had to come here.
♪ Everything ♪
♪ Everything's gonna be
all right this morning ♪
Let's go shopping.
No, I'm not nuts.
This thing's been following me
around all fucking morning.
I'm telling you.
Fine. Fine
He thinks I'm paranoid.
I should bring him
the fuckin' helicopter.
Then we'll see
how paranoid I am.
Come on. Let's go inside.
Yeah, it's gone.
-I don't hear anything.
-Come on, let's go back
to your mother's.
♪ If it's not love ♪
♪ That you need ♪
♪ Then I'll try my best
to make everything succeed ♪
HENRY: They all right?
Beautiful. Beautiful.
They're great. Great.
Now, didn't I tell you
you were paranoid?
Karen, didn't I tell him
that he was paranoid?
Yeah. I need a hit.
[IMITATES HELICOPTER]
You wanna see helicopters?
-Come on,
I'll show you helicopters.
-No, that's all right.
No. I've seen enough helicopters
for one day, thank you.
I'll show you
helicopters.
My plan was I had to get home
and get the package ready
for Lois to take on her trip.
Also, I had to get
to Sandy's house
to give the package
a whack with quinine.
-[TELEPHONE RINGING]
Plus, I knew Sandy
was gonna get on my ass.
Then I had the cooking
to finish at home,
and I had to get Lois
ready for her trip.
-It's Sandy. The fuck is this?
-She's a pain in the ass.
Yeah.
SANDY [ON PHONE]:
Hey, babe. When you comin' over?
I'll be there in about an hour.
-You're staying tonight, right?
-No, I can't.
-I got my brother tonight.
-Oh, Henry, we gotta--
Come on.
Stop, stop, stop.
We'll talk about it later, okay?
-Whatever. Bye.
-Goodbye.
[RINGS]
Hello.
HENRY [ON PHONE]:
Hey, it's me. You ready?
Yeah.
Listen, tell Michael
not to let the sauce stick,
to keep stirring it.
Henry says don't let
the sauce stick.
I'm stirring it.
Okay, listen,
you know what to do?
-Yeah, yeah.
-Don't "Yeah, yeah" me, Lois.
This is important.
Now, make sure you
leave the house when
you make the call.
You understand me? You hear me?
Call from an outside line.
I mean it.
Jesus! You must think I'm dumb.
What are you bugging me for?
I know what to do.
Hey, you little hick,
just make sure you do it!
-I mean what--
-Pfft. You can be such a pain.
Hey! Just do it!
Okay.
Un-fucking-believable.
All of them.
Every fucking girl in my life.
What did he say?
Nothing.
HENRY: So what does she do
after she hangs up with me?
After everything I told her?
After all her
"Yeah, yeah, yeah" bullshit?
She picks up the phone
and calls from the house.
Now, if anybody was listening,
they'd know everything.
They'd know that a package
was leaving from my house,
and they'd even have
the time and the flight number
thanks to her.
-Hi. it's Lois.
As soon as I got home,
I started cooking.
I had a few hours
until Lois's flight.
I told my brother
to keep an eye on the stove.
All day long the poor guy's
been watching helicopters
and tomato sauce.
Don't let Karen
touch the sauce.
You see, I had to drive over
to Sandy's place,
mix the stuff once,
and then get back to the gravy.
[COUGHS]
♪ I'm a rolling stone ♪
♪ Man-child ♪
You think you can come over here
and fuck me and leave? Huh?
Come on.
-You got someplace better to go?
-Don't talk like that.
Come on. Come on.
-You all right?
-Yeah. Sure.
You believe me? Huh?
Do you believe me?
-That the last one?
-Yeah.
♪ I'm gonna bring back
my second cousin ♪
[LAUGHS]
Fuckin' lying son of a bitch!
I hate you!
Please stop feeding
the dog from the table,
from the plate
on top of it.
Stop it.
I have to.
-You don't have to.
-Remember we're family here.
I gotta go home.
What do you mean,
you gotta go home?
I've been carrying around
this stuff all day.
We gotta start taping it
to your leg. We gotta go soon.
I gotta go home
and get my hat.
Forget your fucking hat.
What, are you kidding me?
Just what I need now
is a trip to Rockaway
because you wanna
get your hat?
I need it. I gotta have it.
It's my lucky hat.
I never fly without it.
Lois, do you understand
what we're involved in here?
I don't care. I need my hat.
I won't fly without it.
Fuck!
What could I do if she insisted
I had to drive her home
for her goddamn hat?
I threw the package
in the kitchen,
and I went to take her home.
A hat?
Relax, will you?
[MUTTERING]
The fuck is this?
Police! Freeze!
Don't you move,
you motherfucker,
or I'll blow your brains out.
Shut the car off slowly.
[ENGINE DIES]
[NEARBY SIREN WAILING]
For a second,
I thought I was dead.
But when I heard all the noise,
I knew they were cops.
Only cops talk that way.
Don't fuckin' move.
If they had been wiseguys,
I wouldn't have heard a thing.
I would've been dead.
-OFFICER: Open the fucking door!
-Michael, lock the door!
[BANGING ON DOOR]
Michael!
[POLICE YELLING]
[WHIMPERING]
Okay. Okay.
Okay.
MAN: One, two, three, let's go!
MAN: Talk. Talk to me.
Talk to me.
When was the last time
you took a collar?
Hey, fuckhead,
I'm talking to you.
You don't want to say
a fuckin' word to me,
you don't have
to say anything to me.
I don't really give a fuck.
Twenty-five years, pal--
that's what you're gonna do.
Let's see how much of a good guy
you're gonna be then.
All day I thought the guys
in the helicopter
were just local cops
busting my balls over Lufthansa.
But they turned out to be narcs.
They'd been on me a month--
phone taps, surveillance,
everything.
You know the boys.
How you doing, boys?
All the pals are here.
You don't wanna talk to me,
you're gonna have
a fuckin' problem all night.
I'm gonna be on you
like shit.
Each one of these counts
25 to life in New York state.
Twenty-five fuckin' years, pal.
I'll slap your fuckin' head
inside out.
Jerry, what were you guys,
grocery shoppin'?
What, are we gonna make a cake?
You gonna make
a fucking cake too?
You got anything good in there
or what, Jerry?
Is it good?
Ha-ha-ha-ha!
Bye-bye, dickhead.
See you in Attica, dick.
KAREN: I spoke to Jimmy.
He offered to give me
some money.
He just wants to know
what's happening.
He just wants to talk to you.
Fuck Jimmy and his money.
I told you,
I gotta get outta here
and straight out everything
with Paulie,
or else I'm dead, Karen.
Then you're better off
staying in here.
Karen, they can whack me
in here
just as easy
as they can outside,
maybe even easier.
They're all afraid
I'm gonna rat them out.
People already
are walking away from me.
I'm dead in here.
You gotta get me out.
Karen finally got her mother
to put her house up for my bail,
and I was out.
I remember I had this feeling
I was gonna get killed
right outside the jail.
I knew Paulie
was still pissed at me,
and he's such a hothead,
and I was worried about Jimmy.
See, Jimmy knew
if Paulie found out
he was in the
drug deals with me,
Paulie would have Jimmy whacked
even before me.
This is the bad time.
I didn't feel safe
until I got home.
Karen.
So now my plan was
to stay alive long enough
to sell off the dope
that the cops never found
and then disappear for a while
until I can get things
straightened out.
Karen! Fuck.
Where's the stuff
that I left, Karen?
I flushed it
down the toilet.
You what?
What was I supposed to do?
They were all over the house.
Karen, that was worth $60,000!
I need that money!
That's all we got!
What was I supposed to do?
They had a search warrant.
They were in everything.
That's all the money
that we had, Karen!
I was depending on that!
Why did you do that?
I had to.
They were gonna find it!
Oh, fuck, Karen,
they would have never found it!
They would have found it.
I swear to you, Henry.
I swear, Henry,
they would've found it!
Oh, no!
Why did you do that?! Why?!
They would have found it.
I swear to you.
Why did you do that, Karen?
Oh, my God!
I had to do it.
-Oh, God.
-Henry.
[BOTH SOBBING]
No! No! No.
Why?
-KAREN: Oh, God. Oh, God!
-[CAR HORN BLARING]
HENRY: Paulie, I'm really sorry.
I don't know what else to say.
I know I fucked up.
Fucked up?
Yeah, you fucked up.
You know, but I'm all right now.
You know? I can be trusted now.
Paulie, I'm clean.
On my kids, I'm clean.
You looked in my eyes,
and you lied to me.
You treated me like
a fuckin' jerk,
like I was never
nothing to you.
Paulie, after what you said,
I couldn't come to you.
You know? I was--
I was ashamed.
You know? I'm--
I'm ashamed now.
But I got nowhere else
to go, Paulie.
You're all I've got,
and I really,
really need your help.
I really do.
Take this.
Now I gotta turn my back on you.
Okay.
Thirty-two hundred bucks.
That's what he gave me.
Thirty-two hundred bucks
for a lifetime.
It wasn't even enough
to pay for the coffin.
-HENRY: We gotta get out.
-KAREN: I don't wanna run.
I don't wanna--
What am I supposed to do?
Just pick up
and leave everything?
Go hiding?
I don't want to do that, Henry.
Is that what you want?
Karen, if we stay around here,
we're dead.
You got it? We're dead.
They're right.
You took too much of that stuff.
You're totally paranoid.
How's he doing?
Bustin' his balls or what?
He's okay.
I sobered him up.
Good, good, good, good.
Very good.
Glad to hear it.
You know what kind of questions
they been asking him?
-Did he tell ya?
-Jimmy, I don't know.
[CHUCKLES]
I mean, I got my mind
on so many other things.
I got no money.
The girls are old enough
to read the newspapers.
Tell him he's gotta
call me, okay?
As soon as you talk to him,
he's gotta call me.
We gotta work
on this whole thing.
It's very important.
He doesn't know
I came down here to see you.
You know.
It's like he's crazy.
Take this for now.
It's a couple thousand.
Thanks, Jimmy.
Don't worry, honey.
Everything's gonna be all right.
Listen, I got some
beautiful Dior dresses.
You want to have 'em?
Pick out a few
for yourself.
Huh?
-For my mom.
-Yeah, whatever. Take a few.
No, no, no.
It's over here.
It's in the store
on the corner.
It's swag, so I got it
down the corner.
Okay?
Go ahead, sweetheart.
I'll see you.
-Thanks, Jimmy.
-Don't worry. Don't worry.
-I'll try.
-All right? Don't forget.
He's gotta call me.
All right.
Over here?
Right down there.
JIMMY: Yeah.
No, no. It's right down there.
Right on the corner.
Yeah, it's over there.
Right there.
[SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY]
JIMMY:
No. No, no, no. Hey, go ahead.
It's right in there.
-No, Jimmy.
-Right there.
I'm in a hurry!
My mom's watching the kids.
I gotta get home!
I'll come back later.
[TIRES SCREECHING]
Karen? Karen?
What happened? Karen?
Nothing.
-What happened?
-I just got scared.
I just got scared.
You got the keys?
What happened, Karen?
I just got scared, Henry.
It's o-- It's okay.
-You all right?
-Yeah.
[CRYING]
Shh.
HENRY: If you're part of a crew,
nobody ever tells you
that they're going to kill you.
Doesn't happen that way.
There weren't any arguments
or curses like in the movies.
See, your murderers
come with smiles.
They come as your friends,
the people who have cared
for you all of your life,
and they always
seem to come at a time
when you're at your weakest
and most in need of their help.
So I met Jimmy in a crowded
place we both knew.
I got there 15 minutes early,
and I saw that Jimmy
was already there.
He took the booth
near the window
so he could see everyone
who drove up to the restaurant.
He wanted to make sure
I wasn't tailed.
He was jumpy.
He hadn't touched a thing.
On the surface, of course,
everything was supposed
to be fine.
We were supposed
to be discussing my case.
But I had the feeling
Jimmy was trying to sense
whether I was gonna rat him out
to save my neck.
I been telling you
your whole life--
don't talk on
the fuckin' phone, right?
Now you understand? Huh?
But it's gonna be okay.
I think you got a good chance
of beating the case.
Yeah, well...
You know that kid?
You know, from the city
we're talking about?
You know who I'm talkin' about?
Yeah.
The kid turned out to be a rat.
As soon as he got pinched,
he ratted everybody out.
He ratted youse all out.
But I know where he is.
He's hiding out.
He's-- You know. He's...
You know what I'm saying?
Would you have a problem
going with Anthony on vacation?
I don't think you're really...
Mm-mmm.
No, not at all.
That way they got nothing, huh?
Jimmy had never asked me
to whack somebody before,
but now he's asking me
to go down to Florida
and do a hit with Anthony.
That's when I know
I would never have come back
from Florida alive.
You know what? Um...
I think I'll have
an English muffin.
And whenever you move me,
I asked you once,
and I'm gonna tell you again,
I don't wanna go
anyplace that's cold.
You really don't have
a choice in that matter.
Ed, come on.
Just whoever
fucking controls it...
Just no place cold, all right?
Do that for me.
I'm trying to--
He's bronchial, that's why.
Well, if he's
legitimately bronchial,
we'll take that
into consideration.
I'm legitimately bronchial.
I'd like to go someplace
that's not cold.
Okay, can I ask you
some questions here?
What about my parents?
What about them?
Am I gonna see them?
Am I gonna talk to them?
I mean...
Don't I have some kind
of contact with them?
No.
No?
No. Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
You mean to tell me that,
God forbid,
something bad happens
to my parents and they get sick,
I can't go and see them?
Maybe something
can be worked out
if they're sick,
if there's some extraordinary
set of circumstances.
I can't do this.
I can't do this, Henry. I can't.
I can't leave my parents.
Excuse me.
Karen, I told you before.
If you-- I-I'm not gonna do this
unless you and the kids
come with me.
I-- I can't do it
without you, okay?
So you do whatever, but...
that's it.
You need Henry.
You don't need me, right?
That's right.
And frankly, I don't care
whether you go or not.
If it's gonna make him
a happier witness,
a better witness,
I'd like you to be with him.
They want Henry.
They don't want me.
But Henry's gonna be in
the witness protection program.
They're not gonna be able
to get to him.
The only way they can get to him
is by getting to you
or getting to your kids.
If he goes into the program,
forget about it. You're in
a great deal of danger.
I don't know anything.
Come on.
"You don't know anything."
Don't give me the
babe-in-the-woods routine, Karen
I've listened
to those wiretaps,
and I've heard you
on the telephone.
You're talking about cocaine.
Conversation after conversation,
you're talking to Henry
on the phone.
It doesn't matter,
because whether he goes to jail
or whether he stays
on the street
and he beats the case,
he's a dead man.
He knows it,
and you know it.
HENRY: What about the kids,
with school?
KAREN: Do they get left back?
I mean, what goes on?
TUDDY: Why don't you guys
go down to Wall Street
and get some real
fuckin' crooks?
Whoever sold you those suits
had a wonderful sense of humor.
What it comes down to, Karen,
is we're basically
your only salvation.
We're gonna save your life,
we're gonna save his life,
and we're gonna
keep you out of jail.
[SIGHS]
MAN: Mr. Hill, this morning,
you told the members
of this jury...
HENRY: It was easy
for all of us to disappear.
My house was in
my mother-in-law's name.
My cars were registered
to my wife.
My Social Security cards
and driver's licenses
were phonies.
I never voted.
I never paid taxes.
My birth certificate
and my arrest sheet--
that's all you'd ever have
to know I was alive.
ATTORNEY: Do you see him here
in the courtroom today?
Yes.
Can you please point him out
for the members of the jury?
Your Honor,
please let the record reflect
that Mr. Hill has identified
the defendant James Conway.
Mr. Hill, do you
also know a man
by the name
of Paul Cicero?
Yes.
-Do you see him here
in the courtroom today?
-Yes.
Can you point him out
for the members of the jury?
Your Honor,
let the record reflect
that Mr. Hill has identified
the defendant Paul Cicero.
Your Honor, I have a document
that I'd like to have marked...
See, the hardest thing for me
was leaving the life.
I still love the life.
I mean, we were treated
like movie stars with muscle.
We had it all
just for the asking.
Our wives, mothers, kids,
everybody rode along.
I had paper bags
filled with jewelry
stashed in the kitchen.
I had a sugar bowl
full of coke next to the bed.
People call 'em rats
because a rat will do
anything to survive.
Isn't that right, Mr. hill?
-ATTORNEY: Objection!
-JUDGE: Objection sustained.
Uh, look, I don't know nothing
about being a rat.
Mr. Hill, you know
everything about being a rat.
ATTORNEY: Objection, Your Honor.
In view of the violence...
Anything I wanted
was a phone call away--
free cars, the keys
to a dozen hideout flats
all over the city.
I'd bet 20, 30 grand
over a weekend,
and then I'd either blow
the winnings in a week
or go to the sharks
to pay back the bookies.
It didn't matter.
It didn't mean anything.
When I was broke,
I would go out
and rob some more.
We ran everything.
We paid off cops.
We paid off lawyers.
We paid off judges.
Everybody had their hands out.
Everything was for the taking.
And now it's all over.
And that's the hardest part.
Today, everything is different.
There's no action.
I have to wait around
like everyone else.
Can't even get decent food.
Right after I got here,
I ordered some spaghetti
with marinara sauce,
and I got egg noodles
and ketchup.
I'm an average nobody.
I get to live the rest
of my life like a shnook.
SID VICIOUS:
♪ Regrets ♪
-♪ I've had a few ♪
-[DOOR CLANGS SHUT]
♪ But then again ♪
♪ Too few to mention ♪
♪ I did what I had to do ♪
♪ And saw it through ♪
♪ Without exemption ♪
♪ I planned
each charted course ♪
♪ Each careful step ♪
♪ Along the highway ♪
♪ And more ♪
♪ Much more than this ♪
♪ I did it my way ♪
♪ For what is a Brit? ♪
♪ What has he got ♪
♪ When he wears hats ♪
♪ And he cannot ♪
♪ Say the things ♪
♪ He truly feels ♪
♪ But only the words ♪
♪ Of one who kneels? ♪
♪ The record shows ♪
♪ I shot a bloke ♪
♪ And did it my way ♪
[ERIC CLAPTON'S "LAYLA" PLAYS]